TITLE SEQUENCE
EXT. WOODS
A younger Cersei and her friend Melara are walking in the woods.
MELARA: We shouldn’t be out here alone.
CERSEI: Why not?
MELARA: If your father hears…
CERSEI: He’ll never know we’ve been gone.
MELARA: But if he finds out…
Cersei takes her hands.
CERSEI: You don’t need to be afraid of my father.
They walk until they see a hut with smoke coming out of it.
MELARA: Are you sure?
CERSEI: Yes.
MELARA: We shouldn’t go in.
CERSEI: Of course we should.
INT. MAGGY’S HUT
A fire is burning and various plants are hanging from the ceiling. They hear a shriek then…
MAGGY: Get out. Get out!
MELARA: Let’s go…
CERSEI: No.
MAGGY: Listen to your friend.
CERSEI: They said that you were terrifying. With cat’s teeth and three eyes. You’re not terrifying. You’re boring.
MAGGY: You don’t know what I am.
CERSEI: I know you’re a witch and you can see the future. Tell me mine.
MAGGY: Everybody wants to know their future. Until they know their future.
CERSEI: This is my father’s land. My land. Tell me my future or I’ll have your two boring eyes gouged out of your head.
Maggy chuckles then hands Cersei a knife.
MAGGY: Your blood. Give me a taste.
Cersei cuts her thumb then Maggy grabs her hand to suck her blood.
MAGGY: Three questions you get. You won’t like the answers.
CERSEI: I’ve been promised to the prince. When will we marry?
MAGGY: You’ll never wed the prince. You’ll wed the king.
CERSEI: But I will be queen?
MAGGY: Oh yes, you’ll be queen. For a time. In comes another. Younger, more beautiful, to cast you down and take all you hold dear.
CERSEI: Will the king and I have children?
MAGGY: No. The king will have 20 children, and you will have 3.
CERSEI: That doesn’t make sense.
MAGGY: Gold will be their crowns. Gold their shrouds.
Maggy starts laughing. Cersei’s thumb starts dripping blood.
MELARA: Come on, we have to go. We have to go! Cersei!
Cersei gets out of a cart to a funeral procession outside of the Great Sept of Baelor. She walks to the top of the stairs.
PRIEST: Your grace, we are honored by your presence. The mourners are waiting.
CERSEI: They will keep waiting. I want a moment alone with him.
PRIEST: But your grace, many of these lords and ladies have travelled day and night to be here…
Cersei starts walking away.
PRIEST: From all seven kingdoms…
CERSEI: They will wait.
INT. GREAT SEPT OF BAELOR
Tywin’s body rests with hand-painted stones on top of his eyes. Jaime presides over the body. Cersei walks next to him.
CERSEI: He never wanted you to be a King’s Guard, but here you are, protecting his dead body.
JAIME: What he built. The towers. He built it for us. He meant it for us. They’re going to try to take it away, all of it.
CERSEI: They?
JAIME: All of them out there are enemies. They’re waiting a night to make sure he’s really dead and as soon as they see the stones on his eyes they’ll set to work on tearing us apart.
CERSEI: They had nothing to do with it. The man who murdered our father, he tore us apart, he’s the enemy. I’ve been telling you for years, you’ve been defending him for years…
JAIME: This is exactly what they want.
CERSEI: ...and now our father is dead. And that little monster is out there somewhere drawing breath. Did you set him free?
No response from Jaime.
CERSEI: Tyrion may be a monster but at least he killed our father on purpose. You killed him by mistake. With stupidity. You’re a man of action, aren’t you? When it occurs to you to do something you do it, nevermind the consequences. Take a look. (gestures towards Tywin) Look at the consequences. Here they are. He loved you more than anyone in this world.
Cersei kisses Tywin on the head then leaves.
We see men working with rope, merchants carrying boxes, and trees through a hole in the crate. The crate is set down and opened up. Tyrion comes out with Varys standing over him.
VARYS: Apologies.
TYRION: I still don’t see why I had to stay in this fucking crate once we set sail.
VARYS: I saved your life. If they catch you, they catch me. I cannot say I feel overly guilty about leaving you in that “fucking crate”.
TYRION: Do you know what it’s like to stuff your shit through one of those air holes?
VARYS: No. I only know what it’s like to pick up your shit and throw it overboard.
Tyrion looks around.
TYRION: Pentos?
Varys nods.
VARYS: The home of my colleague. Ilyrio Mopatis. A merchant. He and I met many years ago, through mutual friends. A group of people who saw Robert Baratheon for the disaster he was. We tried to do what was best for the realm by supporting the Targaryen restoration. And thus began the chain of mistakes that has led us both here. Things have gotten worse, not better. Westeros needs to be saved from itself.
Tyrion pours himself a cup of wine and drinks it.
TYRION: Much better.
VARYS: My lord?
TYRION: I don’t think I am anymore. A lord. Are you a lord if you kill your father? I don’t suppose they revoke your nobility for killing a whore. That has to be happen all the time.
VARYS: You already drank yourself across the Narrow Sea.
TYRION: In a box. Why stop now?
VARYS: Because we are talking about the future of our country.
Tyrion finishes his wine.
TYRION: The future is shit. Just like the past.
He pukes up his wine and then pours himself another cup.
CUT TO: MEEREEN
The giant bronze Harpy statue is pulled down from the top of the pyramid.
An Unsullied soldier, White Rat, walks up to a prostitute and hands her a coin. She takes him into her room and starts undressing him.
PROSTITUTE: You want the same? Same as always?
She undresses herself
WHITE RAT: You… you don’t have to.
PROSTITUTE: Habit.
She puts her clothes back on and lays down next to him in bed, stroking his head and humming. A knife slits his throat. White Rat looks up and sees a member of the Sons of the Harpy holding the knife
A golden Sons of the Harpy mask rests on the table.
DAENERYS: Sons of the Harpy?
BARRISTAN: Yes, your grace. They left it on the body.
DAENERYS: They’ve never killed before.
BARRISTAN: It was only a matter of time, your grace. Conquerors are always met with resistance.
DAENERYS: I didn’t conquer them. Their own people did.
MOSSADOR: They do not see us as people, Your Grace.
DAENERYS: Then they will have to learn to see things differently, Mossador. He did not risk his life fighting for freedom so cowards in masks could take it away. And I did not take up residence in this pyramid so I could watch the city below decline into chaos. What was the name of the man you lost?
GREY WORM: White Rat, your grace.
DAENERYS: I want him buried with honor. Publicly. In the Temple of the Graces.
BARRISTAN: The Sons of the Harpy will hear that message.
MOSSADOR: Make them very angry.
DAENERYS: Angry snakes lash out. Makes chopping off their heads that much easier. Find the men who did this and bring them to me.
INT. HALLWAY
The Unsullied are putting their armor on. Missandei walks up to Grey Worm.
MISSANDEI: Torgo Nudho.
GREY WORM: Missandei hin Naath.
MISSANDEI: I wanted to speak with you.
The other Unsullied leave the room.
GREY WORM: Why do you come?
MISSANDEI: White Rat, the Unsullied who… I have heard they found his body in a brothel. I have heard that more than one Unsullied has been known to visit Meereen’s brothels. May I ask you why? Why would an Unsullied go to a brothel?
GREY WORM: I do not know. I must go.
CUT TO: CASTLE BLACK
Jon Snow is parrying with Olly. Jon puts his sword to Olly’s neck.
JON: Get your shield up.
OLLY: It’s too heavy.
JON: If it wasn’t heavy it wouldn’t stop a sword, now get it up.
Jon knocks Olly into the ground then helps him up.
JON: Come. Try it again. Drive at me. Keep your shield up. Or I’ll ring your head like a bell.
Sam and Gilly are watching them parry from afar.
GILLY: Shouldn’t you be training, too?
SAM: Well, I’m hardly a new recruit. How many brothers can say they’ve killed a white walker and a Thenn? I might be the first in history!
Ser Alliser walks by.
ALLISER: These men need a firm hand. Always have. They’re poachers and thieves.
He gives Sam and Gilly a look.
ALLISER: Not soldiers.
He walks away.
GILLY: That one hates me.
SAM: If Ser Alliser is chosen as the new Lord Commander… he hates the wildlings.
Sam looks at Gilly’s baby.
SAM: All the wildlings.
GILLY: Don’t let them send us away.
SAM: It’s not a sure thing. Ser Denys Mallister has commanded the Shadow Tower for 20 years, and people say he’s a good man. He’s running against Ser Alliser--
GILLY: Sam! Don’t let them send us away.
SAM: I told you. Wherever you go, I go, too.
GILLY: You can’t leave, they’ll execute you.
Cut back to Jon and Olly parrying. Olly is on the offensive.
JON: Good, good, pivot! Don’t forget to pivot! Shield up!
Jon turns and sees Melisandre waiting.
MELISANDRE: The king wants a word.
Jon looks uncomfortably at Melisandre.
JON: You’re not cold, my lady?
MELISANDRE: Never. The Lord’s fire lives within me, Jon Snow.
She takes his hand to her face.
MELISANDRE: Feel.
Jon feels her face.
MELISANDRE: Are you a virgin?
JON: No.
MELISANDRE: Good.
EXT. THE WALL
MELISANDRE: Your grace. The bastard of Winterfell.
Jon bows to Stannis. Stannis motions for him to get up.
STANNIS: You know who rules at Winterfell now?
JON: Roose Bolton.
STANNIS: The traitor who plunged a dagger into Robb Stark’s heart. Don’t you want to avenge him?
JON: I want a great many things, your grace. But I’m a sworn brother of the Night’s Watch now.
DAVOS: I’ve been talking to your sworn brothers. Many of them love you.
JON: They’re good men.
DAVOS: Many don’t. You were seen taking the body of a wildling girl north of the Wall. Why?
JON: It’s where she belonged.
DAVOS: Some of the Night’s Watch feel you have too much affection for the wildlings.
JON: They were born on the wrong side of the wall. That doesn’t make them monsters.
STANNIS: No matter. I shall take back the North from the thieves who stole it. Tywin Lannister is dead. He can’t protect them now. I shall mount Roose Bolton’s head on a spike. But if I’m to take Winterfell I’ll need more men.
JON: The men of the Night’s Watch are sworn to play no part--
STANNIS: I’m not talking about the damn Night’s Watch. I’m talking about the wildlings.
JON: Your grace, you want the wildlings to march in your army?
STANNIS: If they swear to follow me, I’ll pardon them. We’ll take Winterfell. Once the North is won, I’ll declare them citizens of the realm. I’ll give them land to live on.
DAVOS: It’s a fair offer. More than fair.
STANNIS: I’ll offer them their lives and their freedom if Mance kneels before me and swears his loyalty.
JON: I don’t think that’s likely.
STANNIS: You admire him, don’t you?
JON: I respect him.
STANNIS: He likes you. Convince him to bend the knee...
JON: Your grace…
STANNIS: ...or he burns.
JON: How much time do I have?
STANNIS: Nightfall. The sun drops fast this time of year. Hurry, Jon Snow.
CUT TO: THE VALE OF ARRYN
Sansa, Littlefinger, and Yohn Royce are watching Robin parry. He is being beaten badly.
MASTER OF ARMS: Sword up! Attack, my lord! Attack! Don’t cross your feet!
YOHN ROYCE: My sons have had swords in their hands from the time they could walk. This one…
BAELISH: Lord Arryn will never be a great warrior.
ROYCE: Great warrior? He sings a sword like a girl with palsy.
SQUIRE: My lord. (hands Baelish a note)
MASTER OF ARMS (O.S.): Sword up, my lord!
BAELISH: Some boys develop more slowly. He’s still young.
ROYCE: He’s 13. Boys go to war at 13.
BAELISH: He has other gifts.
ROYCE: Does he?
BAELISH: The gift of a great name. Sometimes that’s all one needs.
He offers his hand to Sansa and takes her away from the swordfight. Lord Royce follows.
SANSA: Goodbye Lord Royce, and thank you for all you’ve done for me.
ROYCE: I have done nothing more than my duty, my lady.
BAELISH: I have no doubt that upon my return, Robin’s skills will have improved immeasurably.
ROYCE: He’ll be safe here. As for his skills, I make no promises.
CUT TO: COUNTRYSIDE
Podrick sits down next to Brienne, who is sharpening her sword.
PODRICK: Will we head north at some point? He said Sansa had a brother at Castle Black. We’re a few days ride from the Kingsroad, but that will take us--
BRIENNE: Us? The only reason you’re here is that Jaime Lannister told me you weren’t safe in the capital. You’re hundreds of miles from King’s Landing. No one knows what you look like. No one cares. You’re safe.
PODRICK: But I’m you’re squire.
BRIENNE: Do you even know what a squire is?
PODRICK: An attendant to a knight?
BRIENNE: I’m not a knight. That means you’re not a squire.
PODRICK: Well, where would I go?
BRIENNE: I don’t care, I’m not your mother.
PODRICK: You swore to find the Stark girls.
BRIENNE: I found Arya. She didn’t want my protection.
PODRICK: Sansa still might.
BRIENNE: Will you shut your mouth? I didn’t ask for advice. I don’t want anyone following me. I’m not a leader. All I ever wanted is to fight for a Lord I believed in. The good lords are dead and the rest are monsters.
A horse and carriage rides by.
INT. CARRIAGE
SANSA: You told Lord Royce we were going to the Fingers.
BAELISH: I did.
SANSA: But we’re heading west.
BAELISH: We are.
SANSA: If he wanted to betray us, he already would have.
BAELISH: Lord Royce may be as honorable as he thinks he is, but he’s not alone in that castle. Do you trust all those knights and ladies, stable boys and serving girls?
SANSA: No. Do you trust the carriage driver or the knights escorting us?
Baelish smiles.
BAELISH: No. But I pay them well, and they’ve seen what happens to men who disappoint me.
SANSA: So where are we going? To a land where you trust everyone?
BAELISH: So a land so far from here, even Cersei Lannister can’t get her hands on you.
CUT TO: KING’S LANDING
Close-up on Cersei drinking wine while Loras talks in the background.
LORAS: It was such a deep, deep shock to us all. Your father was a force to be reckoned with. He truly was. I wouldn’t presume to claim to have known him as such…
Cut to Tommen talking and smiling with Margaery.
LORAS: But just being in his presence was enough to make it so clear just how formidable a person you were dealing with. What a… what a force to be reckoned with.
CERSEI (sighs): Thank you so much for your kind words.
Cersei walks away and heads down the stairs.
GRAND MAESTER PYRCELLE: Deepest condolences, your grace. This tragedy… I never trusted Varys. I often warned…
Cersei walks away from him. A barefooted man in a robe walks up to Cersei.
LANCEL LANNISTER: Your grace.
Cersei inspects him for a moment.
CERSEI: Cousin Lancel. I hardly recognized you.
LANCEL: My deepest sympathies.
KEVAN LANNISTER: I apologize for my son’s appearance.
CERSEI: Uncle, it’s quite alright.
Lancel walks away.
KEVAN: They call themselves sparrows. Bloody fanatics. Religion has its place, of course, but at a certain point… They never would have come to the capital when Tywin was alive.
CERSEI: I’m sure he’ll grow out of it. Whatever it is. Excuse me.
KEVAN: Of course.
Cersei walks away, grabs a glass of wine, and heads to a room alone. Lancel greets her after some time.
CERSEI: Your wounds from the Blackwater seem to have healed.
LANCEL: It wasn’t my wounds that needed healing.
CERSEI: What can I do for you?
LANCEL: You can forgive me.
CERSEI: What could you possibly have done to warrant my forgiveness?
LANCEL: I led you into the darkness.
CERSEI: I doubt you’ve ever led anyone anywhere.
LANCEL: I tempted you into our unnatural relations. And, of course, there was the king. His boar hunt. His wine.
CERSEI: I don’t know what you’re talking about.
LANCEL: I’m a different person now. I found peace in the light of the Seven. You can too. They watch over all of us, ready to dole out mercy… or justice. Their world is at hand. I will pray for your father’s soul.
Cersei laughs.
CERSEI: The day Tywin Lannister’s soul needs your help…
Cersei takes a sip of wine and Lancel walks away.
CUT TO: LORAS’ BEDROOM
Close-up of Loras' birth mark.
OLYVAR: It looks like Dorne.
LORAS: No it doesn’t.
OLYVAR: It does. That’s the Sunspear bit right there. And that’s where the mountains are. And over here is… Sunsnake? Stonespear?
LORAS: Sandstone.
OLYVAR: Yes. Yes, Sandstone. Just there.
LORAS: Fine.
They start kissing.
LORAS: It’s Dorne.
OLYVAR: We should go there. I think we would have a lovely time.
LORAS: Judging by my experience, that would be wonderful. Dorne, Highgarden. Anywhere but here.
They kiss. Margaery walks in.
MARGAERY: We’re late for dinner as it is.
LORAS: You’re very respectful.
MARGAERY: I’m very hungry.
She closes the door.
MARGAERY: What’s your name?
OLYVAR: Olyvar, my lady.
MARGAERY: I’m afraid my brother is keeping the king waiting, Olyvar.
Olyvar kisses Loras then leaves the room.
MARGAERY: Perhaps you might consider being a bit more discreet?
LORAS: Why? They all know about me anyway. Everybody knows everything about everyone. What’s the point in trying to keep a secret in a place like this?
MARGAERY: In any event… (throws Loras his clothes) you shouldn’t keep your intended waiting.
LORAS: My intended? Please. Tywin’s dead. That means no one can force Cersei to marry me.
MARGAERY: Lucky you.
LORAS: Unlucky you.
MARGAERY: You think I want that woman married to my brother?
LORAS: If she doesn’t marry me, she doesn’t go to Highgarden. Which means she stays in King’s Landing. Which means you’re trapped here with Cersei Lannister as your mother-by-law.
MARGAERY: Perhaps.
LORAS: Perhaps?
MARGAERY: Perhaps?
CUT TO: PENTOS
Tyrion is standing on a balcony with a glass of wine. Varys approaches him.
TYRION: Eunuch, the spider, the master of whisperers.
VARYS: Imp, half-man.
Tyrion raises his glass.
VARYS: There are faster ways to kill yourself.
TYRION: Not for a coward.
VARYS: You are many things, my friend, but not a coward.
TYRION: You never told me why you set me free.
VARYS: Your brother asked me to.
TYRION: You could have said no.
VARYS: Refuse the Kingslayer? A dangerous proposition.
TYRION: Not as dangerous as releasing me. You risked your life, your position, everything. Why? You’re not family, you owe me nothing.
VARYS: I didn’t do it for you. I did it for the Seven Kingdoms.
TYRION: A drunken dwarf will never be the savior of the Seven Kingdoms.
VARYS: I don’t believe in saviors. I believe men of talent have a role to play in the war to come.
TYRION: You’re going to have to find another soldier. I’m done with Westeros and Westeros is done with me.
VARYS: You have many admirable qualities, self-pity is not one of them. Any fool with a bit of luck can find himself born into power. But earning it for yourself, that takes work.
TYRION: I’m not well-suited for work.
VARYS: I think you are. You have your father’s instinct for politics, and you have compassion.
TYRION: Compassion? Yes. I killed my lover with my bare hands. I shot my own father with a crossbow.
VARYS: I never said you were perfect.
TYRION: What is it you want exactly?
VARYS: Peace. Prosperity. A land where the powerful do not prey on the powerless.
TYRION: Where the castles are made of gingerbread and the moats are filled with blackberry wine. The powerful have always preyed on the powerless, that’s how they became powerful in the first place.
VARYS: Perhaps. And perhaps we’ve grown so used to horror we assume there’s no other way. If you sat on the Iron Throne, would you spread misery throughout the land?
TYRION: I will never sit on the Iron Throne.
VARYS: No, you won’t. But you could help another climb those steps and take that seat. The Seven Kingdoms need someone stronger than Tommen, but gentler than Stannis. A monarch who can intimidate the high lord and inspire the people. A ruler loved by millions with a powerful army and the right family name.
TYRION: Good luck finding him.
VARYS: Who said anything about him? You have a choice my friend. You can stay here at Ilyrio’s palace and drink yourself to death, or you can ride with me to Mereen, meet Daenerys Targaryen, and decide if the world is worth fighting for.
TYRION: Can I drink myself to death on the road to Meereen?
CUT TO: MEEREEN
The Unsullied march through the streets.
DAARIO NAHARIS: When did the Unsullied start patrolling the streets of Meereen? Looks like your friends haven’t been behaving themselves.
HIZDAHR ZO LORAQ: The mission to Yunkai was a resounding success. The Wise Masters of Yunkai have agreed to cede power to a council of elders, made up of both the freedmen and the former slaveholders. All matters of consequence will be brought to you for review.
DAENERYS: Good.
HIZDAHR: They did ask for some concessions.
DAENERYS: Concessions?
HIZDAHR: Politics is the art of compromise, your grace.
DAENERYS: I’m not a politician. I’m a queen.
HIZDAHR: Forgive me. You’re right, of course. Still, it’s easier to rule happy subjects than angry ones.
DAENERYS: I don’t expect the Wise Masters to be happy. Slavery made them rich, I ended slavery.
HIZDAHR: They do not ask for the return of slavery. They ask for the re-opening of the fighting pits.
DAENERYS: The fighting pits? Where slaves fought slaves to the death?
HIZDAHR: In the new world that you’ve brought to us, free men would fight free men.
Daario takes out his sword and smiles at Daenerys.
HIZDAHR: The pitfighters that you liberated plead for this opportunity. Bring some here and ask them yourself.
DAENERYS: No fighting pits.
HIZDAHR: Opening them would show the people of Yunkai and Meereen that you respect their traditions.
DAENERYS: I do not respect the tradition of human cockfighting.
HIZDAHR: If you--
DAENERYS: How many times must I say no before you understand?
DAENERYS: Whatever he wants from me he’s not going to get it. If he really believes I’m going to reopen the fighting pits…
DAARIO: You should reopen the fighting pits.
DAENERYS: What?
DAARIO: My mother was a whore, I told you that. She liked to drink pear brandy. The older she got, the less she made selling her body, the more she wanted to drink. So one day when I was 12, she sold me to a slaver she fucked the night before.
DAENERYS: Why?
DAARIO: I was a bad child. I wasn’t big, but I was quick. And I loved to fight. So they sold me to a man in Tolos who trained fighters for the pits. I had my first match when I was 16.
DAENERYS: You were sold into slavery, forced to fight to the death for the amusement of the masters, and you’re defending the fighting pits?
DAARIO: I’m only here because of those pits. I learned to fight like a Dothraki screamer, a Norvoshi priest, a Westerosi knight. Soon I was famous. 10,000 men and women screamed my name when I stepped into the pit. I made so much money for my master he set me free when I died. I joined the Second Sons, and then I met you.
A long pause.
DAARIO: You’re the queen. Everyone’s too afraid of you to speak truth. Everyone but me. You’ve made thousands of enemies all across the world. As soon as they see weakness, they’ll attack. Show your strength here, now.
DAENERYS: That’s why I have the Unsullied patrolling the streets.
DAARIO (scoffs): Anyone with a chest full of gold can buy an army of Unsullied. You’re not the Mother of Unsullied. You’re the Mother of Dragons.
DAENERYS: I don’t want another child’s bones dropped at my feet. No one’s seen Drogon in weeks. For all I know he’s flown halfway across the world. I can’t control them anymore.
DAARIO: A dragon queen with no dragons is not a queen.
INT. DRAGON PIT
Daenerys walks into the room the dragons are being held. She hears chains rattling.
DAENERYS: Viserion? Rhaegal?
The two fully grown dragons start snapping, screaming, and breathing fire at her.
DAENERYS: Easy. Easy. Easy.
They keep breathing fire and roaring so she leaves the room, terrified.
CUT TO: CASTLE BLACK
Members of the Night’s Watch are constructing a funeral pyre.
INT. MANCE’S CELL
Jon Snow enters the room.
MANCE: So here we are.
JON: Here we are.
MANCE: When we first met you were my prisoner. And now, for our last meeting…
JON: This doesn’t have to be our last meeting.
MANCE: No, but it will be.
JON: You know what Stannis wants?
MANCE: He wants me to bend the knee. And he wants the free folk to fight for him. I’ll give him this much: he’s bold.
JON: Shouldn’t a king be bold?
MANCE: Oh, aye. I respect him. If he gets what he wants, I expect he’ll be a better ruler than the fools sitting on the Iron Throne the last hundred years. But I’ll never serve him.
JON: You told me you weren’t here to conquer. You told me your people have bled enough.
MANCE: That’s right. But I don’t want them bleeding for Stannis Baratheon either.
JON: You spent your life convincing 90 clans to come together for the first time in history. Thenns and Hornfoots, the ice-river clans, even the giants. A life’s work uniting them. You didn’t do it for power. You didn’t do it for glory. You brought them together to save them because none of them will survive the winter, not if they’re north of the wall. Isn’t their survival more important than your pride?
MANCE: Pride? Fuck my pride. This isn’t about that.
JON: Then bend the knee and save your people.
MANCE: They followed me because they respected me. Because they believed in me. The moment I kneel for a Southern king that’s all gone.
JON: And how many tens of thousands are out there right now? How many women? How many children? And you won’t go out and rescue them because why? You’re afraid of looking afraid.
MANCE: Oh, I am afraid. No shame in that. How will they do it? Beheading? Hanging?
JON: They’ll burn you alive.
MANCE: Bad way to go. I’ll be honest with you, I don’t want to die. And burnt to death, I don’t want people to remember me like that. Scorched and screaming. But it’s better than betraying everything I believe.
JON: And what happens to your people? You preserve your dignity and die standing, and they’ll sing songs about you. “You’d rather burn than kneel. The great hero.” Until winter comes, and the white walkers come for us all, and there’s no one left to sing.
MANCE: You’re a good lad. Truly, you are. But if you can’t understand why I won’t enlist my people in a foreigner’s war, there’s no point explaining.
Jon walks to the door, then turns around.
JON: I think you’re making a terrible mistake.
MANCE: The freedom to make my own mistakes was all I ever wanted.
Jon nods then leaves the room.
Members of the Night’s Watch escort Mance to Stannis.
STANNIS: Mance Rayder, you’ve been called the King Beyond the Wall. Westeros only has one king. Bend the knee, I promise you mercy.
Mance looks at the Free Folk, including Tormund, the Night’s Watch have chained up. Then he looks at Jon Snow.
STANNIS: Kneel and live.
MANCE: This was my home for many years. I wish you good fortune in the wars to come.
Stannis nods. His men take Mance onto the burning funeral pyre and tie him to it. Melisandre walks to the front of the pyre.
MELISANDRE: Man or woman, young or old, lord or peasant, our choices are the same. We choose light, or we choose darkness. We choose good, or we choose evil. We choose the true god or the false.
She picks up a torch.
MELISANDRE: Free folk, there is only one true king, and his name is Stannis. Here stands the king of lies. Behold the fate of those who choose the darkness.
She lights the pyre. Mance starts panicking as the fire reaches his legs. Jon Snow walks up to a high point and shoots Mance in the heart with an arrow, killing him.
BRAAVOSI MAN: In the old times, whenever Braavos stood in danger, the titan would step with fire in his eyes. He'd wade into the sea and smash the enemies.
ARYA: He's just a statue.
A horn blows as they approach the statue. Arya clutches her chest and the man laughs.
MAN: Don't be afraid. He’s announcing our arrival.
ARYA: I'm not afraid.
Boat goes under statue
Arya and the man are in a row boat. The man rows them to shore as they pass various street merchants. The man rows past them and The House of Black and White comes into view.
MAN: The House of Black and White: this is where you'll find the man you seek.
They arrive at The House of Black and White
MAN: Here, I leave you.
He helps Arya get off the boat and onto the dock.
ARYA: Thank you for bringing me.
MAN: Any man of Braavos would have done the same. Valar morghulis.
ARYA: Valar dohaeris.
Arya knocks on the door, twice; the door opens while knocking the second time. An old man enters
ARYA: Hello. Valar Morghulis.
The old man continues to stare; Arya takes out the coin.
ARYA: Jaqen H’ghar gave me this.
OLD MAN: No one here by that name.
The old man is about to close the door before Arya interrupts.
ARYA: Please. I crossed the Narrow Sea. I have nowhere else to go.
OLD MAN: You have everywhere else to go.
ARYA: But wait!
The Old Man shuts the door abruptly; Arya turns around and sits on the top step
ARYA: Cersei, Walder Frey, The Mountain, Meryn Trant. Cersei, Walder Frey, The Mountain, Meryn Trant.
Arya repeats the four names until the break of dawn as rain pours outside.
ARYA: ...The Mountain, Meryn Trant.
Arya gets up and throws the coin into the sea
Brienne rides into the stable outside the inn on horseback, with Podrick walking next to her.
PODRICK: Must be good food if it’s crowded.
Podrick and Brienne are seated at a table. A waitress approaches.
WAITRESS: Ale? (pours ale and leaves table; goes to another table) Ale?
Cut to another table in the inn: Sansa and Littlefinger's
SANSA: Before we left, a maester gave you a raven scroll.
BAELISH: You are becoming an observant young lady.
SANSA: My mother used to say, "dark wings, dark words".
BAELISH: An old saying. Inaccurate in this case.
SANSA: So it was good news.?
BAELISH: My marriage proposal has been accepted.
SANSA: I thought you still mourn the death of my beloved Aunt Lysa.
WAITRESS: Ale?
SANSA: I'll have some.
Back to Podrick and Brienne
PODRICK: My lady!
BRIENNE: What is it?
PODRICK: Sansa Stark. (Brienne begins to turn around) Don't look!
BRIENNE: You sure?
PODRICK: She's dyed her hair, but it's her. She's sitting with Petyr Baelish.
BRIENNE: Littlefinger?
PODRICK: A bunch of knights with him.
BRIENNE Bunch? What's a bunch? 100? 6? 20?
PODRICK: 10, I think. Too many. My lady, I don't think this is the right--
BRIENNE: Ready the horses.
PODRICK: We only have one horse.
BRIENNE: Find more.
Podrick gets up and leaves
BAELISH: Do you like the taste?
SANSA: I don't see what all the fuss is about. Why do men love it so much?
BAELISH: It gives some men courage.
SANSA: Does it give you courage?
Brienne shows up and Baelish's knights get in her way
GUARD: That's far enough.
BRIENNE: Lord Baelish, Lady Sansa, my name is Brienne of Tarth.
BAELISH: We've met. With Renly Baratheon. What did he say about you? He said, "You're a loyalty comes free of charge." Someone appears to have paid quite a bit for it since then.
Baelish gestures to the knights to welcome her; Brienne goes through and takes a knee in front of Sansa
BRIENNE: Lady Sansa, before your mother's death, I was her sworn sword. I gave my word I would find you and protect you. I will shield your back and keep your council, and give my life for yours if need be. I swear it by the old gods and the new.
BAELISH: Please, Lady Brienne. No need for such formality. (Brienne gets up) You are Catelyn Stark's sworn sword?
BRIENNE: I was.
BAELISH: Strange. I knew Cat from the time we were children. She never mentioned you.
BRIENNE: It was after Renly's murder.
BAELISH: Ah, yes. You were accused of killing him.
BRIENNE: I tried to save him.
BAELISH: But you were accused.
BRIENNE: By men who didn't see what happened.
BAELISH: Then what did happen?
BRIENNE: He was murdered by a shadow. A shadow with a face of Stannis Baratheon.
BAELISH: A shadow? With a face? (scoffs) This woman swore to protect Renly; she failed. She swore to protect your mother; she failed. Why would I want somebody with your history of failure guiding Lady Sansa?
BRIENNE: Why should you have any say in her affairs?
BAELISH: Because I am her uncle. I married her Aunt Lysa shortly before my beloved’s untimely death. We're family now, and you're an outsider. Forgive me, Lady Brienne, but experiences made me wary of outsiders.
BRIENNE: Lady Sansa, if we can have a word alone--
SANSA: No.
BRIENNE: Please, my lady. If I could explain--
SANSA: I saw you at Joffrey's wedding bowing to the king.
BRIENNE: Neither of us wanted to be there. Sometimes we don't have a choice.
SANSA: And sometimes we do. You should leave.
BAELISH: We don't want our new friend wandering the countryside alone. The roads of these parts aren't safe. Why don't you stay?
Brienne walks away
KNIGHT 1: He asked you to stay.
Brienne elbows him in the face after Knight 1 and Knight 2 attempt to get in her way. Brienne rushes out of the inn to the stables. She frees some horses then rides away with Podrick.
GUARD: After her!
The knights chase after Brienne and Podrick. Podrick and Brienne separate.
BRIENNE: Podrick! (Podrick screams as he loses control of the horse)
Podrick gets away from the knights and stops at a river
PODRICK: Stop, stop, stop! (Horse stops) That’s a good boy.
Podrick turnsthe horse around and he loses control again, only this time he falls off the horse. He tries to run after it, but stops.
Enter knight, who sees Podrick. Podrick sees him and throws a rock at him and misses.
KNIGHT: I guess that means you’re unarmed.
Knight pulls out his sword and races towards Podrick.
BRIENNE: Down, Podrick, down!
Podrick gets down. Brienne slices the knight off his horse before he can get to Podrick. Another knight on a horse rushes towards her, and she stabs him in the neck.
BRIENNE: Podrick?
PODRICK: Yes, my lady?
BRIENNE: You can stand now.
PODRICK: Yes, my lady. (stands) Sansa Stark?
BRIENNE: Wary of strangers, as she should me. I saw her riding on the East Trail with Littlefinger. We’ll follow them.
PODRICK: My lady, if those Stark girls refused your service, maybe you’re released from your vow.
BRIENNE: I swore to their mother I’d protect those girls.
PODRICK: If they don’t want your protection--
BRIENNE: Do you think she’s safe from Littlefinger?
PODRICK: (pause) No, my lady.
BRIENNE: Get your horse.
JAIME: A summons from the queen.
Cersei looks farefully at a box on her desk. Jaime opens it, and a viper with a necklace in its mouth comes out. Jaime inspects the necklace; it has the Lannister lion on it.
CERSEI: There are only two like it in the world: the one I’m wearing and the one I gave to Myrcella.
JAIME: It’s a threat.
CERSEI: Of course it’s a threat! Our daughter’s in Dorne surrounded by people who hate our family. (mocking) "It's a threat."
JAIME: No note.
CERSEI: They blame us for the death of Oberyn and his sister, and every other tragedy that’s befallen their cursed country. I will burn their cities to the ground if they touch her!
JAIME: Softer.
CERSEI: What?
JAIME: Not so loud.
CERSEI: Our daughter’s in danger, and you’re worried I’m speaking too loudly!
JAIME: The world can't know knows she’s our daughter.
CERSEI: Then don’t call her your daughter. You’ve never been a father to her.
JAIME: If I was the father to any of my children, they’d be stoned in the streets.
CERSEI: And what has your caution brought? Our eldest child murdered at his own wedding. Our only daughter shipped off to Dorne. Our baby boy sent to marry that smirking whore from Highgarden.
JAIME: I’ll make things better.
CERSEI: You never made anything better.
JAIME: I’m going to Dorne. I’ll bring our daughter home.
CERSEI: You can’t just ask Prince Doran to give her back! She’s promised his son.
JAIME: I’m not going to ask him anything.
CERSEI: You go there with an army, it’s an act of war.
JAIME: No army. Do you know where they’re keeping her?
CERSEI: Oberyn mentioned the Water Gardens.
JAIME: I’ll find her. Is there anything else, your grace?
CERSEI: (scoffs) You’re going to Dorne? A one-handed man? Alone?
JAIME: I never said I was going alone. (exit Jaime)
Bronn is skipping stones.
LOLLYS STOKEWORTH: No sunflowers. I don't like yellow. Roses are very nice, definitely roses. And music. I adore music. But no flutes, I hate flutes! We can have a harp if you like, but no flutes. Then there's the food. Food is the most important thing, don't you agree? We're going to need pigeon pies. That's what they eat in the capital, don't they?
Bronn has been skipping stones and ignoring her.
LOLLYS: Don't they?
BRONN: Don't who?
LOLLYS: People eat pigeon pie in the capital.
Bronn puts his arm around her.
BRONN: They certainly do, my dear. They certainly do.
Pan up to Castle Stokeworth.
BRONN: It's a fine place, isn't it? A fine place. I never thought I'd end up settling down in a place like this.
LOLLYS: You won't.
BRONN: Pardon?
LOLLYS: We won't get to live at Stokeworth. When Mother dies, my sister gets the castle because she's older.
BRONN: Oh.
LOLLYS: She hates me. She calls me mean names, and sometimes even still she pulls my hair when Mother isn't looking.
BRONN: You know what I think? I think you're a good person. And your sister is a mean person.
LOLLYS: She is.
BRONN: I've been all over the world. And if there's one thing I've learned, it's that meanness comes around. People like your sister, they always get what's coming to them eventually. One way or another.
They stop walking. Bronn looks at someone in the distance.
LOLLYS: Who's that?
Jaime is sitting on a stone wall, waiting for Bronn.
BRONN: Jaime fucking Lannister.
Bronn leaves Lollys and starts walking towards Jaime.
BRONN: Ser Jaime.
JAIME: Ser Bronn of the Blackwater.
BRONN: I was very sorry to hear about your father.
JAIME: Thank you.
BRONN (gestures to Lollys): This is my betrothed, Lollys.
JAIME: A pleasure. (he kisses her hand)
BRONN: Run along, love.
Lollys starts walking back to the Castle.
JAIME: Beautiful bride you've chosen. When were you planning on getting married?
BRONN: Just get on with it.
JAIME: On with what?
BRONN: What you're here for. There's no way this little visit could possibly mean anything good for me.
JAIME: It's very good for you.
Jaime goes into his coat and pulls out a scroll. He hands it to Bronn.
BRONN: Lollys will be marrying Ser Wyllis Bracken.
JAIME: Mmm.
BRONN: We made a deal, your sister and I.
JAIME: I would have advised against that.
BRONN: How is this good for me?
JAIME: 'Cause you're going to come with me and help me with something important. And when we return, I'm going to give you a much better girl, and a much better castle.
BRONN: Return from where?
JAIME: As far south as south goes.
Ellaria coils her first in rage. A bracelet with a viper's mouth coils around her hand. The camera pans up to reveal she is still in mourning clothes.
TRYSTANE (O.S.): My future queen.
Ellaria glowers from the balcony at Trystane Martell escorting Myrcella through the Water Gardens. Trystane looks up and sees her. Ellaria walks towards Doran's place on the balcony and is blocked by Areo Hotah.
AREO: The prince does not wish to be disturbed.
ELLARIA: Remove myself from my path, or I'll take that long axe and shove it--
DORAN: Captain. Let her pass.
Areo reluctantly steps to the side. Ellaria approaches Prince Doran, staring at the Water Gardens from his wheelchair.
ELLARIA: Your brother was murdered, and you sit here at the Water Gardens, staring at the sky and doing nothing.
DORAN: Oberyn was slain during a trial by combat. By law, that is not murder.
ELLARIA: Your brother--
DORAN: You don't have to remind me. He was my brother long before he was anything to you.
ELLARIA: What will you do about his death.
DORAN: I will bury him. I will mourn for him.
ELLARIA: You would have me go to war?
DORAN: You would have me go to war?
ELLARIA: The whole country would have you go to war.
DORAN: Then we are lucky the whole country does not decide.
ELLARIA: The Sand Snakes are with me. They have the love of their people. They will avenge your father while you sit here in your chair doing nothing.
Doran says nothing. Cut back to Trystane and Myrcella in the Water Gardens.
ELLARIA: Oberyn is dead. And this Lannister girl skips about the Water Gardens eating our food, breathing our air. How many of your brothers and sisters do they have to kill?
Let me have her. Let me send her to Cersei one finger at a time.
DORAN: I loved my brother. And you made him very happy. For that you will always have a place in my heart. But we do not mutilate little girls for vengeance. Not here. Not while I rule.
ELLARIA: And how long will that be?
Ellaria exits the room. Areo goes back to guarding the door. Doran shakes his head.
The Unsullied march through the street.
DAARIO (O.S.): The Unsullied are too conspicuous.
Daario and Grey Worm are walking through an alley together.
DAARIO: Anyone can see you coming from a mile off. Of course you haven't found any Sons of the Harpy. You haven't, have you?
Grey Worm grunts a "no".
DAARIO: My Second Sons, on the other hand, they drink, they whore, fight in the streets--they blend in. They overhear things in taverns, follow people from the taverns to nice, quiet alleys, break a few fingers, overhear a few more things. Before you know it...
Daario has brought them to a door. Grey Worm knocks it in and rushes the room. He, Daario, and an Unsullied inspect the room quietly.
GREY WORM: No one here. We go.
DAARIO: In a hurry? You're afraid?
GREY WORM: Unsullied fear nothing.
DAARIO: Right. That's your problem. You understood fear once, long ago, but you've forgotten what it means. Someone who's forgotten fear has forgotten how to hide.
Daario quickly pulls a dagger out, and stabs into a wall covered by a bookcase that immediately gives way. A man screams and falls out of the wall.
DAARIO: Fear is useful that way.
He pats Grey Worm on the shoulder. The Unsullied soldier grabs the man. Grey Worm searches the hiding place and finds daggers laying on the ground with a Sons of the Harpy mask.
MOSSADOR: Sons of the Harpy, they want to put a collar back on my neck. On all of our necks. Please, Your Grace, you must kill him.
DAENERYS: It would send a message.
BARRISTAN: I think you should exercise restraint, Your Grace.
DAENERYS: Why?
BARRISTAN: For one thing, he may have valuable information.
DAARIO: The Son of the Harpy has no more valuable information.
BARRISTAN: How do you know that?
DAARIO: Because I questioned him.
HIZDAHR: And the information you did get, he is young and poor.
MOSSADOR: He is born free.
HIZDAHR: Why should he want to bring back slavery? What did it do for him?
DAENERYS: Perhaps the only thing that gave him pride was knowing that there was someone lower than he was.
MOSSADOR: They pay him. Great families afraid to do a thing. They pay poor man to do it for them.
HIZDAHR: And how do you know this?
MOSSADOR: Everyone knows this.
HIZDAHR: I don't know it, and I'm the head of a great family.
BARRISTAN: We do not know what this man did or didn't do. (to Daenerys) Give him a trial, at least. A fair trial. Show all of the citizens of Meereen that you are better than those who would depose. Teach them a better way.
MOSSADOR: I do not know the place from where Old Ser comes. Things maybe are different there, I hope. But here, in Meereen, before Daenerys Stormborn, they own us. So we learn much about them or we do not live long. They teach me what they are. Mercy, fair trial: these mean nothing to them. All they understand is blood!
They all look to Daenerys.
DAENERYS: Thank you all for your counsel.
Everyone gets up from the table and exits the room besides Ser Barristan.
BARRISTAN: Your Grace, a word, please, I beg you.
DAENERYS: About what?
BARRISTAN: About your father. About the Mad King.
DAENERYS: The Mad King? You're here to remind me of my enemies' lies? Consider me reminded.
BARRISTAN: Your Grace, I served in his Kingsguard. I was at his side from the first.  Your enemies did not lie.
DAENERYS: Go on.
BARRISTAN: When the people rose in revolt against him, your father set their towns and castles aflame. He murdered sons in front of their fathers. He burned men alive with Wildfire, and laughed as they screamed. And his efforts to stamp out dissent led to rebellion that killed every Targaryen except two.
DAENERYS: I'm not my father.
BARRISTAN: No, Your Grace. Thank the gods. But the Mad King gave his enemies the justice he thought they deserved. And each time it made him feel powerful and right. Until the very end.
DAENERYS: I will not have the Son of the Harpy executed without a fair trial.
BARRISTAN (nods): Your Grace.
TYRION: There's a bug.
VARYS: Yes, best be careful. You might accidentally consume some solid food.
TYRION: When I agreed to come with you, did I misrepresent my intentions? (finishes his cup of wine) Besides, what is there for me to do inside this fucking box?
VARYS: You don't like it?
TYRION: I want to take a walk.
VARYS: You can't. Cersei has offered a lordship to the man who brings her your head.
TYRION: She ought to offer her cunt. Best part of her for the best part of me. Well, I suppose a box is as good a place for me as anywhere.
VARYS: Are we really going to spend the entire road to Volantis talking about the futility of everything?
TYRION: You're right. No point. (realizing) The road to Volantis? You said we were going to Meereen. What's in Volantis?
VARYS: The road to Meereen.
TYRION: And what do you hope to find at the end of the road to Meereen?
VARYS: I told you. A ruler.
TYRION: We've already got a ruler. Everywhere has already got a ruler. Every pile of shit on the side of every road has someone's banner hanging from it.
VARYS: You were quite good, you know. At ruling. During your brief tenure as Hand.
TYRION: I didn't rule. I was a servant.
VARYS: Still, a man of talent.
TYRION: Managed to kill a lot of people.
VARYS: Yes, but showed great promise in other areas as well.
TYRION: She wanted me to leave King's Landing. She begged me. I wouldn't go.
VARYS: Why?
TYRION: 'Cause I liked it. Power. Even as a servant. (takes a drink of wine)
VARYS: People follow leaders. And they will never follow us. They find us repulsive.
TYRION: I find us repulsive.
VARYS: And we find them repulsive, which is why we surround ourselves with large, comfortable boxes to keep them away. And yet, no matter what we do, people like you and me are never really satisfied inside the box. Not for long.
TYRION: You're right. Let's go for a walk.
VARYS: No.
TYRION: How many dwarves are there in the world? Is Cersei going to kill them all?
A dwarf head is placed on her desk.
CERSEI: Not him.
MERYN: Are you trying to deceive your Queen? Shall I throw them in a cell, Your Grace?
CERSEI: That won't be necessary, Ser Meryn. I don't want to dissuade the other hunters. Mistakes will be made.
HUNTERS: Thank you, Your Grace. Thank you.
CERSEI: Take the head.
QYBURN: Pardon me, Your Grace. I would take it, if you don't mind. It could prove useful for my work.
CERSEI: Very good.
She and Qyburn exit the room.
QYBURN: Over there will be fine.
MERYN (to hunters): You heard the man. Over there.
The hunters pick up the dwarf head.
Cersei and Qyburn enter the room, taking the open seats on the small council. Cersei sits at the head of the table.
KEVAN: You're the Hand of the King?
CERSEI: No, Uncle. Clearly it would not be appropriate for a woman to assume that role. I'm merely advising my son until he comes of age and chooses a Hand for himself.
MACE TYRELL: Your Grace, I would be willing to serve provisionally as the King's Hand until he becomes old enough--
CERSEI: You're a good man, Lord Tyrell, but I don't imagine you'll have the time. In addition to being Master of Ships, the king has appointed you Master of Coin.
MACE: Oh, Your Grace.
CERSEI: He called your experience and wisdom in financial matters unparalleled. He said he would be honored to have you represent the crown's interests in the same.
MACE: The honor is all mine, Your Grace.
PYCELLE: Your Grace, in the past on several occasions, a Grand Maester has served as the King's Hand.
CERSEI: The King has named Qyburn the new Master of Whisperers.
PYCELLE: Your Grace, him? This man? This embarrassment to the Citadel? Your Grace, what qualifications can he possibly have for this post?
CERSEI: The qualification of loyalty, Grand Maester. That's far more than the eunuch ever had. Far more than many ever have.
PYCELLE: I must say I cannot see--
CERSEI (cutting him off): Uncle Kevan, in light of your position as commander of the Lannister armies, it would please the king if you would serve as his Master of War. No man living better deserves the title.
KEVAN: That is kind of you to say. I would like to hear it from the king himself.
CERSEI: The king is very busy at this moment.
KEVAN: He should be here, learning what it means to rule.
CERSEI: He is learning. On this occasion, in his capacity as ruler, he's asked me to speak on his behalf.
KEVAN: I returned to the capital to pay my respects to my brother. And to you. And to serve the king. I did not return to the capital to serve as your puppet. To watch you stack the small council with sycophants. (looks to Qyburn) Sending your own brother away so he wouldn't be--
CERSEI: My brother has left the capital to lead a sensitive diplomatic mission.
KEVAN: What mission?
CERSEI: That is not your concern as Master of War.
KEVAN: I do not recognize your authority to dictate what is and is not my concern. You are the Queen Mother. Nothing more.
Kevan gets up from his seat.
CERSEI: You would abandon your king in his time of need?
KEVAN: If he wants to send for me, I will be waiting for him. At Casterly Rock.
He exits the room and closes the door.
Shireen runs her finger over the letter "S" in her book.
SHIREEN: Come on. You know this one. It looks like an animal.
GILLY: Snake. Snake... S! It's an S!
SHIREEN: Right, very good!
Sam is reading in a different aisle in the library.
SAM: Hmm! Did you know that the youngest Lord Commander in history, Osric Stark, was elected at the age of 10?
Gilly and Shireen look to him and then back at their book.
GILLY: I know "S".
SHIREEN: You'll learn, I promise. I taught Ser Davos, and old people are terrible at learning new things.
GILLY: Well, you're a wonderful teacher. (to Sam) Very patient!
SAM: I only said that the more time you spend practicing, the faster you'll be able to read.
GILLY: That's alright. We're doing just fine. I'm sure you and Ostrich Stark have a lot to talk about.
Sam goes back to his book.
GILLY (to Shireen): How old were you when you learned to read?
SHIREEN: Three.
SAM (interjecting): Three?! Who taught you, your mother?
SHIREEN: No. Old Maester Cressen did. I had a lot of time to practice. My mother kept me inside because... (trails off)
GILLY (gently): What do you call it in the South, what happened to your face?
SHIREEN: Greyscale. What do you call it north of the Wall?
GILLY: I don't know. But two of my sisters had it. They both died. How did they cure you?
SHIREEN: I don't remember. I was a baby. Lots of people came and tried, I think. Whatever they did, it went away. What happened to your sisters?
GILLY: My father made them move out of the keep into the huts outside. None of us were allowed to go near them. But we heard them. Especially at night. They started to sound... not like themselves.
SAM: Did you ever see them?
GILLY: Only once at the end. They were covered with it. Their faces, their arms. They acted like animals. My father had to drag them out to the woods on a rope.
SHIREEN: What did he do to them in the woods?
Gilly is afraid to answer. Selyse enters the room before she can.
SHIREEN: Mother.
SELYSE (to Sam and Gilly): Leave us.
SAM (nodding): Your Grace.
Sam and Gilly exit the room.
SELYSE: You need to stay away from that girl.
SHIREEN: Why?
SELYSE: She's a wildling.
SHIREEN: Her name's Gilly. She's nice. I'm teaching her to read.
SELYSE: She's a wildling. Your father defeated their people. He executed her king for treason. They could strike at him by striking at you.
SHIREEN: Gilly wouldn't do that.
SELYSE: You have no idea what people will do. All your books and you still don't know.
Selyse exits the library.
STANNIS: I ordered Mance Rayder burnt at the stake. You prevented that order from being carried out. You showed mercy to Mance Rayder. A king's word is law. Perhaps you should ask Ser Davos how much mercy I show to lawbreakers. Show too much kindness, people won't fear you. If people don't fear you, they don't follow you.
JON: With respect, Your Grace, the free folk will never follow you, no matter what you do. You're the man who burned their king alive.
STANNIS: Who then? You?
JON: No. Only one of their own.
STANNIS: Do you know this wretched girl Lyanna Mormont?
JON: The Lord Commander's niece.
STANNIS: Lady of Bear Island, and a child of 10. I asked her to commit her house to my cause, that's her response.
JON: "Bear Island knows no king but the King in the North, whose name is Stark." (Jon smiles)
STANNIS: That amuses you?
JON: I apologize, Your Grace. Northerners can be a bit like the free folk. Loyal to their own.
DAVOS: Tonight, the Night's Watch elect a new Lord Commander. Ser Alliser Thorne is going to win.
JON: Most likely.
DAVOS: Unpleasant man. He thinks you're a traitor. What's your life going to be like on the Wall with Thorne in command?
JON: Unpleasant, I expect.
STANNIS: Your bravery made him look weak. He'll punish you for it. I don't punish men for bravery. I reward them.
JON: I don't doubt it, Your Grace. But I'm a brother of the Night's Watch. I've pledged them my life, my honor, my sword. I don't know what I have left to give you.
STANNIS: You can give me the North.
JON: I can't. Even if I wanted to, I'm a bastard. A Snow.
STANNIS: Kneel before me. Lay your sword at my feet. Pledge me your service and you'll rise again as Jon Stark, Lord of Winterfell.
Jon stares at Stannis deeply without saying a word.
SAM: He'll make you a Stark with the stroke of a pen?
JON: It's the first thing I ever remember wanting. I'd daydream that my father would ask the king, and just like that I would never be the bastard of Winterfell again.
SAM: You deserve this. You do. I couldn't be happier for you.
JON: I'm going to refuse him.
SAM (confused): But you'd be Lord of Winterfell.
JON: I swore a vow to the Night's Watch. If I don't take my own word seriously, what sort of Lord of Winterfell would I be?
Jon walks away from Sam and takes a seat.
ALLISER (O.S.): Crowded. You'd think we were serving venison stew.
Maester Aemon rises slowly from the table at the front.
AEMON: Does anyone wish to speak for candidates before we cast our tokens for the 998th Lord Commander of the Night's Watch?
Janos Slynt stands up.
JANOS: Ser Alliser Thorne is not just a knight, he's a man of true nobility. He was acting commander when the Wall came under attack, and led us to victory against the wildlings.
MEN: Hear, hear.
JANOS: He's a veteran of 100 battles and has been a defender of the Watch and the Wall almost all of his life. He's the only true choice.
Alliser smiles. Men cheer and beat on the tables.
AEMON: Is there anyone else?
SHADOW TOWER BROTHER: Ser Denys Mallister joined the Watch as a boy and has served loyally longer than any other ranger. Through 10 winters he served. As commander of the Shadow Tower, he kept the wildlings away. We could do no better.
Men, including Jon, bang their cups on the table, but the reaction is much weaker.
AEMON: If there's no one else, we will begin the voting. The triangular tokens count for Ser Alliser Thorne. The square tokens for Ser Denys Mallister. Each brother will--
SAM: Maester Aemon.
Every Brother, including Jon, look to Sam at the back of the room in shock.
AEMON: Samwell Tarly. Go on.
Jon shakes his head "no" at Sam.
JANOS (O.S.): Sam the Slayer.
The whole room laughs.
JANOS: Another wildling lover just like his friend Jon Snow. How's your lady love Slayer?
More laughs.
SAM: Her name is Gilly. Brother Slynt knows her quite well. They cowered together in the larder during the battle for the Wall.
The men start laughing at Janos now.
JANOS: Lies!
SAM: A wildling girl, a baby, and Lord Janos. I found him there when the battle was over in a puddle of his own making.
Stronger laughter. Maester Aemon cracks a smile.
SAM: Whilst Lord Janos was hiding with the women and children, Jon Snow was leading.
The men go quiet.
SAM: Ser Alliser fought bravely, it is true. And when he was wounded, it is Jon who saved us. He took charge of the wall's defense. He killed the Magnar of the Thenns. (a man next to Sam nods) He went North to deal with Mance Rayder, knowing it almost certainly meant his own death. Before that, he led the mission to avenge Lord Commander Mormont. Mormont himself chose Jon to be his steward. He saw something in Jon, and now we've all seen it, too. He may be young, but he's the commander we turned to when the night was darkest.
The men give Jon a strong cheer.
ALLISER: I can't argue with any of that. (stands up) But who does Jon Snow want to command? Night's Watch or the wildlings? Everyone knows he loved a wildling girl and spoke with Mance Rayder many times. What would have happened in that tent between those two old friends if Stannis's army hadn't come along? We all saw him put the King-beyond-the-Wall out of his misery. Do you want to choose a man who has fought the wildlings all his life, or a man who makes love to them?
Jon doesn't respond. Maester Aemon rises again.
AEMON: It is time.
Brothers of the Night's Watch walk to the front of the room, placing their tokens into a jar. A brother breaks the jar and counts the tokens. Alliser and Jon have the same amount of tokens.
BROTHER: It appears to be a tie, Maester.
Maester Aemon rises once more, feels each stack of tokens to determine which is which, and casts his own vote for Jon. The men near Alliser look angry. The men grouped around Mallister are content. Everyone else cheers.
BROTHERS: Jon Snow! Jon Snow! Jon Snow! Jon Snow!
Jon rises, sees Alliser glaring at him, and lets out a small smile for the first time since he entered the room.
Arya creeps up on a pigeon in an alleyway and cuts its head off with Needle. She walks down the street with the pigeon in a pouch and Needle dangling from her hip. Three men walk by, see Needle, and approach her.
MAN: You. You!
Arya stops and turns around to face them.
MAN: What have you got there?
Arya doesn't respond.
MAN: I said--
ARYA: Turn around and go. (pulls out Needle) Turn around and go.
Man: That's a nice little sword. Worth 100 pieces, a sword like that. (pulls out his own sword)
ARYA: Nothing's worth anything to dead men.
The man approaches her with his sword, but then sees the Old Man from the House of Black and White walking towards the altercation and backs off.
MEN: Quickly, go, go!
They flee. The man looks at Arya then begins walking away.
The Old Man leads Arya back to the doorstep.
ARYA: Who are you? Why were they scared of you?
OLD MAN: You lost this.
He tosses Arya her coin, then reaches to his face, pulls it off, and reveals the face of Jaqen H'ghar
ARYA: You said there was no Jaqen H'ghar here.
JAQEN: There isn't. A man is not Jaqen H'ghar.
He begins to head back inside the House of Black and White.
ARYA: Well who are you then?
He turns back around.
JAQEN: No one. And that is who a girl must become.
Jaqen opens the door and waits for Arya. After a moment, she follows him into the House of Black and White. The door closes behind them.
Mossador is let into the Son of the Harpy's cell. The guards hold him up for Mossador.
HARPY (Valyrian): She doesn't belong here. And no matter how many of your traitors call her "Mhysa", she will never be your mother.
Mossador stares at him.
The Harpy is displayed in the street with his mask on, but the eye holes are cut out. A knife is in his stomach and skull, and "Kill the Masters" is written in blood on the wall next to the body.
DAENERYS: Why?
MOSSADOR (Valyrian): For you, Mhysa. (kneels) You wanted the Harpy dead, but your hands were tied. I set you free, as you did all of us.
DAENERYS: He was our prisoner, awaiting trial. You had no right.
MOSSADOR: He would rather rip your city apart than see slaves lifted from the dirt.
DAENERYS: There are no more slaves. There are no more Masters.
MOSSADOR: Then who lives in the Pyramids? Who wears gold masks and murders your children? (beat) When Grey Worm came to us, I was the first to take up the knife for you. I remember the look on my father's face as I struck down his Master, who had traded his infant son for a dog. My father died in the fighting. If we allow the Sons of the Harpy to return us to chains, he never lived.
DAENERYS: The Harpy's life was not yours to take. Once, the Masters were the law--
MOSADOR: --and now you are the law!
DAENERYS: The law is the law. Take him.
Two Unsullieds carry Mossador out of the room.
The Unsullied escort Daenerys and her small council. A large crowd surrounds them.
CROWD: Mhysa! Myhsa!
They settle in front of the courthouse, surrounded by both former Masters and former slaves. The Unsullied form a ring around her.
HIZDAHR (to Daario): She should have cut off the traitor's head in the Great Pyramid and been done with it.
DAARIO: Which is what I keep telling her to do to you.
The former slaves continues to yell to their Mhysa while the masters leer at her.
DAENERYS (Valyrian, to crowd): You opened your gates to me because I promised you freedom and justice. One cannot exist without the other.
Mossador is carried into the scene by Unsullied and set before Daenerys on his knees.
CROWD (Valyrian): Brother! Brother!
MOSSADOR (Valyrian): Mhysa, please! Forgive me!
DAENERYS (Valyrian): A citizen of Meereen was awaiting trial and this man murdered him. The punishment is death.
CROWD (Valyrian): Mercy! Mercy!
Mossador looks to Daenerys, pleading. She looks to Daario and nods. He takes out his arakh, walks to Mossador, and puts it to his neck. The crowd starts protesting and the Masters look on uncertainly.
MOSSADOR: Mhysa... (prays in Valyrian)
The crowd begs and pleads for mercy. Daenerys stares out to the crowd, then gives a nod to Daario, who swiftly decapitates Mossador.
CROWD: Mhysa...
The crowd goes silent. Suddenly, they start hissing at Daenerys. The Unsullied brace themselves. A former slave throws a rock at a former Master, and the Unsullied attempt to hold back the fight. Barristan and Grey Worm escort Missandei and Daenerys away from the crowd. The Unsullied cover her with their shields.
Former slaves and masters begin killing each other in the streets. Rocks are thrown at the Unsullied shields in attempts to hit Daenerys.
BARRISTAN: I'll stand guard outside your door tonight, Your Grace.
GREY WORM: We all guard tonight.
DAENERYS: Leave me.
Barristan, Daario, Missandei, and Grey Worm leave the room. Daenerys hears a noise coming from outside, and goes out on her balcony to investigate.
When she's out she hears a soft growl, and turns to see Drogon, perched on the top of the pyramid and close to fully grown.
DAENERYS (shocked): Drogon...
He slowly climbs down to her balcony. Daenerys extends her hand. Drogon sniffs it hesitantly, and then takes off into the night, soaring over Meereen.
END EPISODE
TITLE SEQUENCECUT TO: BRAAVOS
INT. THE HOUSE OF BLACK AND WHITE
Water drips down a statue of a woman with her eyes closed. Two more statues are shown, a lion sitting in a throne, and a rams head. Behind a large heart surrounded by gold flames, a glowing fire can be seen. A statue of a knight is shown, then a statue of a king’s face. A statue of a contorted tree is covered in a hair-like substance. There is a large pit filled with liquid in the center of the room. Arya can be heard, and then seen, sweeping. The waif carries a bucket past her. Sitting on the edge of the pit, Jaqen whisper to a man. Arya looks up and watches as Jaqen scoops up a cup of liquid from the pit, and hands it to the man. The man looks up at Jaqen, and hesitates before taking it.
MAN: Valar morghulis.
JAQEN: Valar dohaeris.
The man drinks the liquid, and watches as he approaches the statue of the woman with her eyes closed. He kneels down in front of it. Arya puts her broom down and approaches Jaqen.
ARYA: I've been sweeping this floor for days.
JAQEN: Good.
ARYA: I didn't come here to sweep floors.
JAQEN: No? Why come, then?
ARYA: You said that I could be your apprentice. You said you'd teach me how to a Faceless Man.
JAQEN: A man teaches a girl. (Stands up). Valar dohaeris. All men must serve. Faceless men, most of all. (Walks away).
ARYA: I want to serve. (Jaqen stops).
JAQEN: A girl wants to serve herself. Here we serve the Many-Faced God, to serve well. A girl must become no-one.
ARYA: Which one is the Many-Faced God? I see the Stranger. I see the Drowned God. I see the Weirwood Face.
JAQEN: There is only one god. A girl knows his name. And all men know his gift.
Jaqen leaves. Arya looks down at the man who had been kneeling. He is lying on his back, dead. Two men come into the room with a stretcher. They places the man’s body on it and begin walking to an open door at the end of the room. The waif walks past Arya.
ARYA: Where are they taking him?
The waif doesn’t respond, but continues walking. Arya turns to watch as the door closes behind the men carrying the stretcher.
CUT TO: KING’S LANDING
EXT. STREET
Bells are ringing, and people are cheering and shouting. Many are on the sides of the road, waving as a number of carriages are carried past.
BYSTANDERS: Queen Margaery! Queen Margaery! Queen Margaery!
Inside her carriage, Cersei watches the people on the street, a sullen look on her face. She closes her curtains.
INT. GREAT SEPT
MARGAERY & TOMMEN: I am his/hers, and she/he is mine. From this day, until the end of my days.
Tommen and Margaery share a kiss. Cersei watches them from the crowd, emotionless. The newlyweds turn to the crowd, holding hands. Everyone claps. They smile and laugh. Cersei claps as well, and forces herself to smile.
Tommen breathes heavily as he and Margaery finish having sex. She turns onto her side and smiles.
TOMMEN: Did I hurt you?
MARGAERY: No. You were lovely.
TOMMEN: It all happened so fast.
MARGAERY: Yes. (Chuckles).
TOMMEN: I was scared maybe I hurt you, it sounded
MARGAERY: No, no, no. You're very sweet. The sweetest king who ever lived.
TOMMEN: This is what I want to do all day, every day for the rest of my life.
MARGAERY: Wouldn't that be glorious? (They laugh. Tommen leans in to kiss her). Shouldn't we rest a little while? Just to catch our breath, there's no rush, is there?
TOMMEN: Of course not. Are you hungry? Shall I have them bring you some cake or pomegranate juice?
MARGAERY: No, I'm fine. I just want you all to myself. I want to know everything there is to know about King Tommen First of His Name.
TOMMEN: King Tommen. It still sounds strange to me. Does Queen Margaery sound strange to you?
MARGAERY: So strange… Husband.
TOMMEN: Wife. (They laugh). Sometimes it feels odd. I'm the king, I've married the most beautiful woman in the world, (She chuckles), and it's all because my brother died.
MARGAERY: I understand. But it's not your fault, you know that, don't you? You mustn't feel guilty.
TOMMEN: I don't feel guilty. That's what's odd.
Margaery looks at him curiously. He suddenly sits up.
TOMMEN: Do you like to sail?
MARGAERY: (Sits up). I love to sail.
TOMMEN: I do, too.
MARGAERY: I think we're going to be very happy, you and I.
TOMMEN: I do, too.
She kisses him and turns around. She gets up, wrapping a bedsheet around herself as a cover.
MARGAERY: Living in a tower so high, it touches the clouds. Of course my grandmother couldn't wait to go home. The capital is not for everyone, I suppose. Does your mother like it here?
TOMMEN: I don't think so. She told me never to trust anyone in King's Landing.
MARGAERY: It's so wonderful to have her watching over you. A lioness guiding her cub. (Pours them some wine).
TOMMEN: Well, but I'm a man now.
MARGAERY: You are. And the king. (Hands him win). But you'll always be her baby-boy.
TOMMEN: I suppose.
MARGAERY: I adore how she has always been so generous with me, so kind. And the horror she's had to injure. (Sits down and begins to comb her hair). Losing her husband, her eldest child and her father. It's no wonder she's so protective of you. She'll never let you out of her sight.
EXT. CASTLE WALL
Cersei and Tommen walk together, her arm around his. A group of guards walk behind them.
CERSEI: You look very much in love. The first days of marriage are often so blissful. She's certainly very pretty, isn't she? Like a doll, she smiles quite a lot. Do you think she's intelligent? I can't quite tell. Not that it matters.
TOMMEN: Do you ever miss Casterly Rock?
CERSEI: There's nothing for me in Casterly Rock.
TOMMEN: That's where you grew up. (They stop). You always told me that you liked the people there better. You said that King's Landing smelled of horse dung and sour milk.
CERSEI: (Chuckles). Why are we speaking of Casterly Rock?
TOMMEN: The way that you talked about it, I always thought that you missed it. That you... That it was your real home.
CERSEI: This is my real home now. Where my family lives.
TOMMEN: I want you to be happy, mother.
CERSEI: I know that. I know you do, my sweet boy.
TOMMEN: But wouldn't you be happier in Casterly Rock?
INT. ROOM
Cersei approaches a room with two guards. Inside, Margaery is having tea with some of her friends.
MARGAERY: I said, "Darling, surely 4 times is enough, are you trying to set a new record?" (Laugher). And he said, "Well, what is the record? I'm sure we can break it."
Margaery’s friends laugh. As Cersei walks in, they all get up and bow.
MARGAERY: Mother! (Gets up and hugs Cersei). Welcome.
CERSEI: Don't you look lovely. Marriage agrees with you.
MARGAERY: Can we bring you anything to eat or drink? I wish we had some wine for you. It's a bit early in the day for us.
CERSEI: No, no. I, I can't stay. I just wanted to let you know if, there is ever anything I can do for you.
MARGAERY: You are very sweet.
CERSEI: Tommen seems quite taken with his new queen.
MARGAERY: I absolutely adore him. You raised a gallant young man. I'm forever grateful.
CERSEI: Good. Good. I'm glad to hear you're happy.
MARGAERY: Ecstatic. I really am. Exhausted, to be honest, but what can I expect, he is half lion, half stag. (Margaery’s friends laugh).
CERSEI: I'll leave you to it then. (Turns to leave).
MARGAERY: Oh, forgive me, I haven't been at Court for long, I get so confused. What's the proper way to address you now? Queen Mother or Dowager Queen?
CERSEI: There's no need for such formalities.
MARGAERY: In any event, judging from the King's enthusiasm, the Queen Mother will be a Queen Grandmother soon.
CERSEI: Won’t that be a lovely day.
MARGAERY: Can you imagine the celebrations? They'll ring the bells all day and night.
CERSEI: Remember. Anything you need.
Margaery smiles. Cersei leaves. Margaery’s smile fades. It returns when her friends begin laughing, and she turns back around. Cersei walks away with her two guards, still able to hear the laughter.
CUT TO: WINTERFELL
EXT. COURTYARD
A horse whinnies. Bolton bannermen ride to the keep. In the keep, a number of workmen are busy building and repairing things. Some men carry some raven cages through the middle of the courtyard. Theon, carrying a dead bird, walks through for a moment. He then comes across some soldiers lifting up some flayed bodies with rope. He becomes very tense and forces himself to keep walking, head down. A raven picks at a body in a cart.
INT. DINING HALL
Roose and Ramsay sit at a table as Theon cuts some food. Ramsay talks with his face stuffed.
ROOSE: We can't hold the North with terror alone.
RAMSAY: You can't hold the North if you let these lesser lords insult us.
ROOSE: I sent you there to collect taxes, not bodies.
RAMSAY: Lord Cerwyn refused to pay. Said the Warden of the North would always be a Stark, and he'd be damned if he kissed a traitor's boot.
Theon holds the food in front of Ramsay. He takes some of it and puts it on his plate.
ROOSE: He left you no choice.
RAMSAY: I flayed him living, along with his wife and brother. Made his son watch.
ROOSE: And?
RAMSAY: The new Lord Cerwyn paid his taxes.
ROOSE: (After a moment). I have something important to tell you. Stop eating and listen.
Ramsay, who had been heavily engrossed in his eating, stops suddenly and looks up. Theon slowly puts down a plate nearby. Ramsay puts down his silverware and sits back, looking at his father.
ROOSE: We don't have enough men to hold the North if the other Houses rise up against us. Do you understand that?
RAMSAY: Our pact with the Lannisters protects -
ROOSE: I had a pact with Tywin Lannister, and Tywin Lannister is dead. The remaining Lannisters are a thousand miles away dealing with that fact. They've never once in the history of the Seven Kingdoms sent their army this far north. If you think they will for us, you're a fool. We become a great house by entering in alliances with other houses, and parleying those alliances into greater power. The best way to forge a lasting alliance isn't by peeling a man's skin off. The best way is marriage. (Stands up). Now that you're a Bolton by royal decree, it's time you married a suitable bride. And as it happens, I found the perfect girl to solidify our hold in the North.
CUT TO: MOAT CAILIN
EXT. NEARBY HILLS
Sansa, Baelish, and a number of knights ride towards Moat Cailin. The party stops. Baelish leads Sansa on foot to a spot where they can easily overlook the keep. The keep is shown, surrounded by swampy riverlands.
SANSA: That's Moat Cailin.
BAELISH: Yes. A bit shabby, isn't it? You've been here before.
SANSA: On our way down to King's Landing, with my father and Arya and… where are you taking me?
BAELISH: Home.
SANSA: The Boltons have Winterfell. (He nods). The marriage proposal, it wasn't for you?
BAELISH: (Shakes his head). No.
SANSA: Roose Bolton murdered my brother. He betrayed my family!
BAELISH: He did.
SANSA: He serves the Lannisters.
BAELISH: For now.
SANSA: I won't go.
BAELISH: Winterfell is your home.
SANSA: Not anymore.
BAELISH: Always. You're a Stark. Dyeing your hair doesn't change that. You're Sansa Stark. The eldest surviving child of Ned and Catelyn Stark. Your place is in the North.
SANSA: I can't marry him. You can't make me. He's a traitor. A murderer.
BAELISH: You're not marrying Roose Bolton. No, you'll be marrying his son and heir, Ramsay. One day he'll be Warden of the North and you will -
SANSA: No!
BAELISH: Sansa -
SANSA: No, you can't make me. I will starve myself. I will die before I have to go there.
BAELISH: (Grabbing her). I won't force you to do anything. Don't you know by now how much I care for you? Say the word and we turn the horses round, but listen to me. Listen. (Quietly). You've been running all your life. Terrible things happened to your family and you weep. You sit alone in a darkened room, mourning their fates. You've been a bystander to tragedy from the day they executed your father. Stop being a bystander, do you hear me? Stop running. There's no justice in the world. Not unless we make it. You loved your family. Avenge them.
He kisses her forehead. He walks back to their horses. After a few moments, she regains her composure and gets on her horse. The party starts moving again. On top of a large hill nearby, Brienne and Podrick watch as the party arrives at the keep.
PODRICK: How do we get through there?
BRIENNE: We don't. We go around. (She turns her horse and begins leaving).
PODRICK: It sets miles out of the way. We'll lose sight of them.
BRIENNE: Doesn't matter. I know where they're going.
EXT. CAMPSITE
Podrick sits scrubbing a boot.
BRIENNE: Aren't you getting a bit old to be a squire? How did you end up squiring for the Imp?
PODRICK: He hates that nickname.
BRIENNE: Well, he's not here to complain about it, is he?
Podrick finishes scrubbing and hands the boot to Brienne. He puts the brush down. Brienne begins putting the boot on.
PODRICK: I squired for a knight name Ser Lorimer during the War of the Five Kings. One night, he had a bit too much to drink. And he was famished, so he borrowed a ham.
BRIENNE: He borrowed it?
PODRICK: He wasn't a thief. He was drunk and hungry and he wasn't thinking. I was drunk too. He gave me half the ham. Next morning, one of the guards saw him passed out, under a wagon, with the ham bone still in his hand. They hanged the man afternoon. They tied the noose for me too, but, Lord Tywin heard my family name was Payne. So he pardoned me, and sent me to King's Landing to squire for his son.
BRIENNE: As punishment. For both of you.
PODRICK: It didn't seem that way. Lord Tyrion was always very good to me.
BRIENNE: (Walks away to get firewood). Yes, all of your lords were very kind to you. All except me. Sorry you have to squire such a nasty person.
PODRICK: I'm not sorry. You're the best fighter I've ever seen. You beat The Hound. I'm proud to be your squire.
BRIENNE: I'm sorry I'm always snapping at you.
PODRICK: If you wouldn't snap at me I wouldn't learn anything.
BRIENNE: You want to be a knight, Pod?
PODRICK: Yes.
BRIENNE: Starting tomorrow, we'll train with the sword twice a day, before we ride in the morning and after we camp for the evening. (Sits down). And I'm going to show you how to ride properly.
PODRICK: Thank you.
BRIENNE: I can't knight you, but I can teach you how to fight.
PODRICK: I suppose that's more important.
Podrick leans over the campfire with some rocks. He strikes them together until he gets a spark, and blows until the fire starts going. He wipes himself off and stands up, walking over to Brienne. He begins taking her armor off.
PODRICK: You weren't a knight, but you were a Kingsguard to Renly Baratheon, weren't you?
BRIENNE: I was.
PODRICK: Lord Tyrion said he was a good man.
BRIENNE: He was.
PODRICK: But how did you end up serving Renly?
BRIENNE: (After a few moments). When I was a girl, my father held a ball. I'm his only living child, so he wants to make a good match for me. He invited dozens of young lords to Tarth. I didn't want to go, but he dragged me to the ballroom. (Pauses). And it was wonderful. None of the boys noticed how mulish and tall I was. The shoved each other, and threatened to duel if they thought it was their turn to dance. And whispered in my ear how they wanted to marry me and take me back to their castles. (Smiles). My father smiled at me and I smiled at him. I'd never been so happy. (Her smile drops). Till I saw a few of the boys sniggering. And then they all started to laugh, they couldn't keep the game going any longer. They were toying with me. ‘Brienne the Beauty’, they called me. Great joke. And I realized I was the ugliest girl alive. A great lumbering beast. I tried to run away, but Renly Baratheon took me in his arms. “Don't let them see your tears,” he told me. “They’re nasty little shits. The nasty little shits aren't worth crying over.” He danced with me and none of the other boys could say a word. And he was the king's brother after all.
PODRICK: But wasn't he... Lord Tyrion said he was...
BRIENNE: Yes, Pod, he liked men, I'm not an idiot. He didn't love me, he didn't want me, he danced with me because he was kind and he wouldn't see me hurt. He saved me from being a joke. From that day until his last day. And I couldn't save him in return. Nothing's more hateful than failing to protect the one you love. One day, I will avenge King Renly.
PODRICK: But you said a shadow murdered him. How do you fight a shadow?
BRIENNE: A shadow with the face of Stannis Baratheon. I know it was Stannis. I know it in my heart. Stannis is a man, not a shadow. And a man can be killed.
CUT TO: CASTLE BLACK
INT. LORD COMMANDER’S ROOM
Olly opens the door for Stannis and Davos. Jon sits at his desk.
STANNIS: Lord Commander.
JON: (Stands up). Your Grace.
STANNIS: (To Olly as he closes the door). I'd like to speak alone.
JON: Olly is my steward now, as I was Lord Commander Mormont's. I want him to attend my meetings, to learn from men with experience. One day, he might command.
STANNIS: Very well. (They all sit down). Have you considered my offer?
JON: I have. And I thank you for it. You do me great honor. All my life I wanted to be Jon Stark.
STANNIS: Say the word and you will be.
JON: But I have to refuse you. I'm Lord Commander of the Night's Watch. My place is here.
STANNIS: I'm giving you a chance to avenge your family. To take back the castle where you grew up. To rule the North.
JON: I wish I could fight beside you. Believe me, I do. But I swore a sacred vow at the Godswood. I pledged my life to the Night's Watch.
STANNIS: You're as stubborn as your father. And as honorable.
JON: I can imagine no higher praise.
STANNIS: I didn't mean it as praise. Honor got your father killed. (Stands up). But if your mind’s made up, I won't try to persuade you.
JON: May I ask, Your Grace, how long you plan to stay at Castle Black?
STANNIS: Are you bored of us already?
JON: You saved us from Mance Rayder's army. We will never forget that. But it's a question of survival. The Night's Watch can't continue to feed your men and the wildling prisoners indefinitely. Winter is coming.
STANNIS: I know it. We march on Winterfell within the fortnight. Before the snows trap us here.
JON: And the wildlings?
STANNIS: They'd rather burn than fight for me, so be it. I leave their fate to you. You could execute them, that's the safest course. (After a moment). Or you could see if this Tormund fellow is more willing to compromise than Mance ever was. I assume the brothers of the Night's Watch would rather see the wildlings dead.
JON: Most of the brothers, yes. There's little love for the free folk here. (Olly stares at him).
STANNIS: You're the Lord Commander. Your decision.
Stannis begins to leave. Olly opens the door.
STANNIS: You have many enemies in Castle Black. Have you considered sending Alliser Thorne elsewhere? Give him command of  Eastwatch-by-the-Sea.
JON: I heard it was best to keep your enemies close.
STANNIS: Whoever said that didn't have many enemies.
Stannis leaves. Davos begins to leave, but turns to Jon as Jon begins to pace.
DAVOS: He sees something in you. (Jon looks up). Might not be apparent from his tone, but it's the truth. He believes in you.
JON: I'm sorry I disappointed him.
Davos walks forward and takes a seat. Olly closes the door again.
DAVOS: The king is a complicated man. But he wants what's right for the Seven Kingdoms.
JON: As long as he's ruling them.
DAVOS: He's the one true king. He has the blood right to that throne.
JON: I’ve sworn to stay clear of the politics of the Seven Kingdoms.
DAVOS: Have you now? (Turning to Olly). How does the Night's Watch vow go again? I bet you've got it memorized since you got here.
Olly looks to Jon. Jon looks at him, crosses his arms, and nods.
OLLY: Night gathers and now my watch begins -
DAVOS: Not that bit, the bit at the end.
OLLY: I'm the sword in the darkness, the watcher on the walls, the shield that guards the realm of men. I pledge my life -
DAVOS: Wait, that's enough. “The shield that guards the realm of men.” That's what you swore to be. Now I'm not a learned man, but the best way of helping the most people might not be sitting in a frozen castle at the edge of the world. It just might mean wading in the muck, getting your boots dirty, and doing what needs to be doing.
JON: And what needs to be done?
DAVOS: As long as the Boltons rule the North, (Stands up), the North will suffer. Just one man's opinion.
Davos nods and turns to leave. Olly opens the door for him. Jon sits at his desk and sighs.
CUT TO: BRAAVOS
INT. ARYA’S ROOM
Arya lays on her bed, playing with her coin in her hand. Suddenly, the door opens, and she sits up. The waif enters with a cane, and begins pacing.
ARYA: What do you want?
WAIF: Who are you?
ARYA: What?
WAIF: You, who walk in here with a coin you never earned, whose value you do not respect. (Stops and walks to Arya). Who are you?
ARYA: (After a moment, perks up). No one.
The waif quickly swings her cane at Arya, hitting her arm. Arya, now on her feet, turns to face the waif, holding her arm in pain.
ARYA: Ow! Cunt!
WAIF: A lie, a sad little lie. Who are you?
The waif hits her a third time, sending her to the ground.
WAIF: Who are you?
ARYA: You're about to find out.
Arya reaches for her sword. Before she can pick it up, Jaqen appears.
JAQEN: What are you doing?
WAIF: We were only playing. The game of faces.
JAQEN: A girl is not ready.
WAIF: Clearly not.
ARYA: (Stands up). I am ready.
JAQEN: For what? For whatever you want. To be a Faceless Man. To be no one.
The waif turns to her. Jaqen looks at the sword on Arya’s bed.
JAQEN: Whose sword is that? It belongs to Arya Stark. Arya Stark's sword, Arya Stark's clothes, Arya Stark's stolen silver. A man wonders how is it that no one came to be surrounded by Arya Stark's things?
The waif, looking smug, leaves.
EXT. DOCK
On a dock near the house of Black and White, Arya wraps a rock in her clothes. She is wearing new clothes, similar to the ones the waif wears. She ties them up and drops them into the water, the rock causing them to sink. She picks up her coin purse and throws it in the water. After a moment of examining her original coin in her hand, she throws it in the water as well. She looks at her sword Needle for a moment, and then picks it up. She prepares to throw it in the sea, but finds herself unable to, and begins to sob. She turns and walks over to some nearby rocks, and hides the sword under some of them.
INT. THE HOUSE OF BLACK AND WHITE
Arya is again sweeping the floor in the main room. She notices the men from the beginning of the episode carrying another dead body into the back room. However, after a moment, she realizes that she didn’t hear the door close, and she looks up to find it wide open. Jaqen surprises her by suddenly putting his hand on her shoulder. He nods towards the door, and begins walking over to it. Arya follows him, leaving the broom outside. They go down a fire-lit tunnel. Jaqen opens the door at the end of the tunnel to reveal a chamber. Inside, the waif stands motionless next to a large stone slab. On it is the dead man. Jaqen leaves through the back door. After Jaqen closes the door, the waif begins to remove the dead man’s clothes. She looks up at Arya, who walks over and begins to do so as well. The waif inspects his body. She wets a rag and begins cleaning off the man.
ARYA: What do we do with them after we wash them?
The waif only looks up and smiles lightly, making no other response. She goes back to washing him, and Arya wets a rag of her own to help.
CUT TO: WINTERFELL
EXT. COURTYARD
MAN: Open gates!
The gates are opened. Sansa, Baelish, and a number of knights on horseback gallop through. They stop. Theon watches from nearby through some metal bars, trembling. Baelish gets off of his horse. Roose, Ramsay, and Walda watch as Sansa gets off hers. Roose walks forward. Baelish leads Sansa towards him, rubbing her hands.
ROOSE: Lady Sansa, welcome.
After a tense moment, Sansa smiles and curtsies.
SANSA: (Smiles). Lord Bolton.
ROOSE: May I introduce my son, (Stands aside), Ramsay Bolton?
Ramsay smiles and walks forwards, removing his gloves. Sansa smiles at him.
RAMSAY: It's an honor to meet you, my Lady.
He takes her hand and kisses it. Nearby, Myranda and other women watch.
INT. HALLWAY
An old servant woman leads Sansa down a hallway to her chambers. She opens the door.
WOMAN: I'll bring you a bowl of hot water. You must want to wash.
SANSA: Thank you.
WOMAN: Welcome home, Lady Stark. (Quieter) The North remembers.
Sansa watches as the woman leaves.
CUT TO: CASTLE BLACK
INT. DINING HALL
Jon sits at a table, tapping his fingers anxiously. The men in the room talk amongst themselves.
JON: Sam. (Sam looks up. Jon looks at Maester Aemon’s chair). Maester Aemon?
SAM: He apologizes for not being here. He's not feeling well.
JON: Take good care of him. (To the group). Brothers. As you all know too well, it's long past time to dig a new latrine pit. (Laughter. Jon looks at Alliser). First Builder Yarwyck and I have decided to appoint a latrine captain to oversee this crucial task. (Laughter. After a moment, he continues). Brian. Seems like a good job for a ginger.
Everyone laughs. Some of the men jokingly pat Brian on his back, and Brian laughs as well.
JON: Ser Alliser. (Silence). You have more experience than any other soldier at Castle Black. You proved your valour many times over, while defending the Wall from the wildling attack. I name you First Ranger.
Some of the men shout in approval. Alliser looks up surprised. Edd and Sam look at each other. Janos pats him on the shoulder.
JON: Lord Janos. I'm giving you command of Greyguard.
JANOS: (Scoffs). Greyguard is a ruin.
JON: Yes, the fort is in a sorry state. Restore it as best you can. First Builder Yarwyck can spare ten of his -
JANOS: I was charged with the defense of King's Landing when you were soiling your swaddling clothes. Keep your ruin.
Some of the men begin talking loudly. Olly shifts in his seat.
SAM: Alright, alright! Enough of that.
JON: You mistake me, my Lord. That was a command, not an offer. Pack your arms and armour, say your farewells, and ride for Greyguard.
JANOS: (Stands up, angrily shouts). I will not go meekly off to freeze and die! Give it to one of the fools who cast a stone for you. I will not have it. Do you hear me, boy? I will not have it!
JON: Are you refusing to obey my order?
The men in the room all turn to look at Janos.
JANOS: You can stick your order up your bastard arse.
Some of the men whisper in shock. Janos looks pleased with himself. Alliser turns to Jon smugly.
JON: Take Lord Janos outside.
The men begin to stand up. Janos scoffs.
JON: Olly, bring me my sword.
Olly turns quickly to Jon, then gets up. Janos looks more unsure of himself as more men get up. Alliser turns and looks at Janos disapprovingly. Edd walks over to get Janos. Alliser stands in his way for a moment. Jon looks at the confrontation, worried. Alliser raises his eyebrows for a moment and moves out of the way. Janos looks at him shocked. Edd grabs Janos, and some other men assist in dragging him outside.
JANOS: You cannot do this! Get your hands off me! (Everyone moves outside). Scum, all of you! If the boy thinks he can frighten me, he's mistaken, yes, very mistaken.
Someone puts a chopping block down. Janos is taken up to it.
JANOS: A disgrace! I have friends, important friends in the capital! You'll see!
Jon takes a final sip of his wine, gets up, and goes outside. The watchmen all gather in the courtyard. Olly hands Jon his sword. Jon walks up to where Janos is being held. Stannis watches from afar. Jon unsheathes his sword, and Janos looks up at it.
JON: If you have any last words, my Lord, now is the time.
JANOS: (Trembling). I was wrong. You're the Lord Commander! We all serve you. I'm sorry. Not only for this, for all I've done and said. I was wrong! (Jon brings his sword up). My Lord, please, mercy! Mercy! I'll go! I will! Please. I'm afraid. I've always been afraid.
Janos sobs for a few moments. Jon hesitates, and then brings his sword down, decapitating Janos. He hands his sword to a watchman standing nearby. He looks up and makes eye contact with Stannis.
CUT TO: KING’S LANDING
INT. BROTHEL
The High Septon kneels in the center of a room. Seven prostitutes, dressed as each of the new gods, circle around him. Olyvar stands behind the High Septon, wearing a fake beard and holding a scale. The prostitutes giggle as the High Septon eyes them all.
OLYVAR: You have served us well, my son.
HIGH SEPTON: Thank you, Father.
OLYVAR: Which of the Seven will you worship today?
HIGH SEPTON: The Maiden.
OLYVAR: Where is the Maiden?
HIGH SEPTON: And the Stranger.
OLYVAR: (Leaning forward). Two is extra, you realize?
HIGH SEPTON: Yes, yes.
Olyvar snaps his fingers. He and five of the prostitutes step aside. The two dressed as the Maiden and the Stranger remain and approach the High Septon, who smiles. Suddenly, some men led by Lancel Lannister barge into the room. The High Septon gasps and turns around.
OLYVAR: What are you doing? This establishment belong to Lord Petyr Baelish. You can't -
The men force the High Septon to his feet. One of the men rips off Olyvar’s fake beard, hits him to the ground, and begins kicking him. The prostitutes run out of the room.
LANCEL: You have profaned our faith. The faith of our fathers and forefathers.
HIGH SEPTON: I am the High Septon of the -
LANCEL: (Grabs his neck). You are a sinner. And you shall be punished.
The men drag the High Septon out of the room. He is forced out into the street naked, and begin walking. He tries to cover his penis with his hands, but one of the men hits him with a stick. People gather on the sides of the street to watch, and begin chanting.
CROWD: Sinner! Sinner! Sinner!
MAN 1: Repent!
CROWD: Sinner! Sinner! Sinner! Sinner! Sinner! Sinner!
MAN 2: Shame on you!
CROWD: Sinner! Sinner!
INT. SMALL COUNCIL CHAMBER
Mace opens the door for the High Septon. He approaches the table. In better light, it is clear that his face is heavily bruised. Mace closes the door and walks over. The High Septon addresses each of the member present.
HIGH SEPTON: (To Cersei) Your Grace, (To Pycelle), Grandmaester, (To Mace) Lord Tyrell, (To Qyburn), uh…
QYBURN: It doesn't matter. (Mace sits down).
HIGH SEPTON: As the High Septon of the Faith of the Seven I give voice to the will of the Gods and am their foremost servant in this world. An insult to me is an insult to the Gods. An assault on my person, is an assault on our very religion.
CERSEI: You were assaulted?
HIGH SEPTON: I was, by those fanatics who call themselves ‘sparrows’. They humiliated me, they they beat me, they left me naked and bleeding on the cobblestones. I am lucky to be alive.
QYBURN: I heard this all began in Littlefinger's brothel.
MACE: High Septon, this is a rather shocking thing to hear.
HIGH SEPTON: I tend to both the highest born, and the lowliest amongst us. Even prostitutes may earn the mercy of the Mother.
QYBURN: So you were administering to the needs of these devout prostitutes?
PYCELLE: A man's private affairs ought to stay private!
CERSEI: What do you want from us, High Septon?
HIGH SEPTON: Justice! I ask that you protect our Faith by arresting these criminals and throwing them in the black cells. I ask that you execute their leader, this so-called High Sparrow. He's a threat to everything we hold sacred. If he goes unpunished -
CERSEI: And where do I find this man? This High Sparrow?
EXT. STREET
A soldier helps Cersei out of her carriage. She begins walking forward. Ser Meryn stands ahead of her.
MERYN: I don't think this is a good idea, Your Grace.
CERSEI: Nonsense, Ser Meryn. These are deeply religious people. (To a man at the bottom of some stairs). Where can I find the High Sparrow?
The man points up the stairs. They are crowded with people. Cersei and Ser Meryn ascend them.
MAN 1: Seven blessings.
Cersei covers her nose. At the top of the stairs is a large room. She watches as many people eat at tables.
MAN 2: Thank you.
MAN 3: Just a little more...
WOMAN: Thank you ever so for the soup!
In the center of the room, an old man is giving soup to people in line. Cersei approaches him.
CERSEI: A young man said I would find the High Sparrow back here. Where is he?
HIGH SPARROW: High Sparrow? Sounds ridiculous, doesn't it? Like Lord Duckling, or King Turtle. (Laughs). So, it's meant to. We're often stuck with the names our enemies give to us. (Prepares soup for the next person in line). The notion that we are all equal in the eyes of Seven doesn't sit well with some, so they belittle me.
WOMAN 2: Seven blessings to you.
HIGH SPARROW: Seven blessings to you, my dear. It's only a name, quite an easy burden to wear. Far easier than hers. (Prepares soup for the next person in line).
CERSEI: Why no shoes?
HIGH SPARROW: Because I gave them away to someone who needed them more. We all do that. It stops us from forgetting what we really are.
CERSEI: Is that why you came to King's Landing? To remind everyone?
HIGH SPARROW: Everyone? I have a hard enough job reminding myself. Oh, I tell them no one's special. And they think I'm special for telling them so.
CERSEI: (Smiles). Perhaps they're right.
HIGH SPARROW: It would be comforting to believe that, wouldn't it? The Gods sent you here to tempt me? I hope not. I had assumed you'd only come here to arrest me. For that incident with the High Septon.
CERSEI: An unacceptable way to treat the chosen representative of the Gods in this world, wouldn't you say?
HIGH SPARROW: Hypocrisy is a boil. Lancing a is never pleasant. Although, they could have been more careful with the blade.
CERSEI: The High Septon came to speak to me today. He doesn't want me to arrest you, he wants me to execute you.
HIGH SPARROW: I wouldn't presume to know your thoughts on the matter.
CERSEI: (After a moment). My thoughts on the matter align with your own. The High Septon's behaviour was corrosive, as was his attitude. Having a man like that reside in the Sept eats away the Faith from the inside. So now he resides in the Red Keep's dungeons instead. (The High Sparrow looks up at her surprised). The Faith and the Crown are the two pillars that hold up this world. If one collapses, so does the other. We must do everything necessary to protect one another.
INT. QYBURN’S LAB
Qyburn pulls a rat out of a cage. He brings it over to a desk and holds a knife above it. The camera switches to his face, and blood splatters onto a protective lens. Cersei enters the room with a letter.
QYBURN: Your Grace.
CERSEI: Send a raven with this message to Littlefinger in the Eyrie, or wherever he's slithering about. (Hands him the letter).
QYBURN: At once, Your Grace. (Walks to his desk).
CERSEI: How's your work coming along?
QYBURN: Very well.
CERSEI: You've made progress?
QYBURN: More than I've expected. Still a way to go, but…
CERSEI: Very good. I'll leave you to it then. Make sure Littlefinger is clear on the meaning of the word "immediately".
Cersei leaves the room. Qyburn begins writing something down. Behind him on a table is a large object, covered by a sheet. After a few moments of writing, the object begins violently jerking around, and then stops.
QYBURN: Shh. Easy, friend.
CUT TO: WINTERFELL
COURTYARD
Sansa walks through the busy courtyard. Theon is shoveling dirt nearby. He looks up to see her walking in his direction, and looks away, tense. On a platform above, Ramsay and Baelish stand, watching her.
RAMSAY: She really is lovely. I hope I can make her happy.
BAELISH: I hope so too. I've become quite fond of Lady Sansa during our travels together. She’s suffered enough.
RAMSAY: I'll never hurt her. You have my word.
BAELISH: I've heard very little about you. Which makes you quite a rare thing, as lords go.
RAMSAY: I haven't been a lord very long. I was a bastard.
ROOSE: (Approaching). And you're not anymore. Allow me a moment alone with Lord Baelish.
RAMSAY: Yes, father. And thank you, Lord Baelish. I'm forever in your debt. (Bows).
BAELISH: He seems pleased.
ROOSE: Shouldn't he be?
BAELISH: (They begin walking). I assure you she's still a virgin. Tyrion never consummated the marriage. By the law of the land, she's no man's wife. Inspect her, if you must.
ROOSE: I leave that to the brothel keeper. It's her name I need, not her virtue.
BAELISH: Then I have delivered everything I've promised.
ROOSE: And you prepared for the consequences. When the Lannisters hear I've wed Sansa Stark to Ramsay.
BAELISH: The Lannister name doesn't mean what it once did. Tywin is dead. He kept his house in power through sheer will. Without him, Jaime has one hand and no allies, Tommen is a soft boy, not a king to fear.
ROOSE: The Queen will be enraged.
BAELISH: Queen Margaery adores Sansa. Cersei is Queen Mother, a title whose importance wanes with each passing day.
ROOSE: And yet she still has friends. Men in important places, whom she can ask for favours. (They stop, and Roose holds up a letter). A message for you, from Cersei Lannister. A rider arrived from Eyrie, shortly before dawn. Apparently, she thinks you're still in the Vale.
BAELISH: A message for me, you say. Strange that the seal is broken.
ROOSE: I'm sure you understand my position, Lord Baelish. If you received word in the night from the Queen Mother, it does make me question our new alliance. The Lannisters made you one of the great lords of Westeros. Yet, here you are in the North, undermining them. Why gamble with your position?
BAELISH: Every ambitious move is a gamble. You gambled when you drove a dagger into Robb Stark's heart. It appears that your gamble paid off. You're Warden of the North.
ROOSE: I had Tywin Lannister backing. Who supports me now? You?
BAELISH: The Eyrie is mine. The last time the lords of the Eyrie formed an alliance with the lords of the North, they brought down the greatest dynasty this world has ever known. I'd like to borrow one of your birds. Cersei will expect a reply.
ROOSE: I'd like to read the reply.
Roose walks away.
CUT TO: VOLANTIS
INT. VARYS AND TYRION’S CARRIAGE
Tyrion repeatedly opens and closes a window.
TYRION: I have to get out of this wheelhouse.
VARYS: Volantis is a large city.
TYRION: I have to get out of this wheelhouse.
VARYS: The likelihood of you being spotted here increases a hundredfold.
TYRION: Mm, I have to get out of this wheelhouse.
VARYS: I'm not sure how many new ways I can find of saying this.
TYRION: (Walks over to him). I will not be of any use to Daenerys Targaryen if I lose my mind. I can't remember the last face I saw that wasn't yours.
VARYS: It's a perfectly good face.
TYRION: I'm losing my mind.
VARYS: If anyone recognizes you, you'll lose more than that.
TYRION: Look, we are thousands of miles from Westeros. (Pulls his hood up). What am I? (Varys shakes his head). One more drunk dwarf.
Tyrion knocks on the front of the carriage. The camera then pans over part of the city. Varys and Tyrion walk through a busy marketplace.
TYRION: Slaves.
VARYS: Yes. The Volantene masters are very organized. (Shot of a man with a fly tattooed onto his cheek). Flies for dung shovelers. (Shot of a man with a hammer tattooed onto his cheek). Hammers for builders. (Shot of a man inspecting women with tears tattooed onto their cheeks). Tears for whores. Lest they forget.
Varys and Tyrion arrive at a clearing in the market and stop. A woman speaks before a large crowd.
PRIESTESS: (Valyrian) Lord cast your light upon us.
CROWD: (Valyrian, in unison) Lord cast your light upon us.
PRIESTESS: (Valyrian) For the night is dark and full of terrors.
VARYS: (Aside) We should keep moving.
Noticing Tyrion is no longer next to him, he frantically looks around.
CROWD: (Valyrian, in unison) For the night is dark and full of terrors.
PRIESTESS: (Valyrian) I was once as you are now.
The woman points to her cheek. Tyrion watches from some nearby steps, and drinks some wine.
PRIESTESS: (Valyrian) Bought and sold, (Varys approaches Tyrion), scourged and branded...
TYRION: The only red priest we had in King's Landing was Thoros of Myr. This one's much better looking.
PRIESTESS: (Valyrian) The Lord of Light hears your voice. He hears the king as he hears the slave; he hears the Stone Men in their misery...
TYRION: Stone men. Good luck stopping this spread of grayscale with prayer. You'd have better luck dancing away the plague. (Varys shushes him worriedly).
PRIESTESS: (Valyrian) He has sent you a saviour! From the fire she was reborn to remake the world! The Dragon Queen!
TYRION: We're going to meet the Saviour! You should have told me. Who doesn't want to meet the Saviour?
The priestess slowly turns her head to lock eyes with Tyrion.
TYRION: (Covering his face). Come on. Let's find a brothel.
They return to the marketplace and continue walking. They stop at a large door, which a man is guarding. He rubs Tyrion’s head.
MAN: (Valyrian) It’s good luck to rub a dwarf’s head.
TYRION: It's even better luck to suck a dwarf's cock.
Varys rolls his eyes, exasperated. The man stares at him unamused.
INT. BROTHEL
TYRION: See? We blend right in. Just two more travellers, mad with lust.
Elsewhere in the brothel, Jorah sets his cup down. Tyrion and Varys sit down at a table, and a woman comes to bring them wine.
VARYS: Thank you.
Tyrion clinks his glass against Varys’s. A prostitute dressed as Daenerys walks through the brothel. Tyrion looks at her.
TYRION: Curious... hair. (She looks at him).
MAN: (Across the room). The mother of dragons!
He gestures for her to come over. She approaches their table.
TYRION: It appears you're not the only Targaryen supporter.
Jorah watches the prostitute, and then looks away.
VARYS: Someone who inspires priests and whores is worth taking seriously.
MAN: What makes you worth that much?
BLONDE PROSTITUTE: I’m magic. (They laugh).
MAN: I bet you bloody are.
Jorah listens to this, appearing extremely uncomfortable.
TYRION: Well, (Watches her kiss the man), she's taken.
Tyrion spots another prostitute, with shorter dark hair. He gets up.
VARYS: Where're you going?
TYRION: I need to speak to someone with hair.
Tyrion approaches the black haired prostitute.
TYRION: Hello?
BLACK HAIRED PROSTITUTE: Hello.
TYRION: You've got no drink.
BLACK HAIRED PROSTITUTE: You've got no money.
TYRION: Do I look like a man without money? (She looks at him incredulously). Never trust looks. Until quite recently, I was one of the richest men in the world. (She laughs). But who needs wealth when you can make a woman laugh? (Sits down). I always pay my debts, I'm well known for it.
The blonde prostitute and the man giggle. Tyrion glances over at them.
BLACK HAIRED PROSTITUTE: You like her? They all like her. They all want to fuck a queen.
TYRION: That’s because they’ve never met a queen.
BLACK HAIRED PROSTITUTE: You're just saying that.
TYRION: You know how to spot a liar. If I could pick any girl here, I would pick you.
BLACK HAIRED PROSTITUTE: Why?
TYRION: Because you have a skeptical mind.
BLACK HAIRED PROSTITUTE: (Smiles). Alright, then. I'm warning you. We’re gonna have to wash you first.
She takes his hand, but Tyrion doesn’t get up.
BLACK HAIRED PROSTITUTE: Come on.
TYRION: (After a moment). I'm, I'm sorry, I can't.
BLACK HAIRED PROSTITUTE: Of course you can. You're shy.
TYRION: I'm not.
BLACK HAIRED PROSTITUTE: Have another drink.
TYRION: Gladly, but this, I can't do. Believe me, no one is more shocked than I am. I hope it passes. What will I do in my spare time? I’ll go for a piss, that’s a start.
She looks confused. Tyrion walks away. Varys, noticing that Tyrion is no longer in his view, gets up worriedly.
INT./EXT. WINDOW
Tyrion pisses out of a window, and sips his wine. He throws the cup out into the water below. He notices that someone is behind him.
Jorah looks behind him. As Tyrion pulls up his pants, Jorah puts a rope around him and begins tying it.
TYRION: You made some kind of mistake. Why don't you tell me what you think you are doing and -
Jorah puts a rag over Tyrion’s mouth.
JORAH: I'm taking you to the Queen.
Tyrion’s eyes widen. Jorah picks him up and leaves.
END EPISODE
TITLE SEQUENCEEXT. BEACH
A man hops out of his boat at night, and grabs a basket of fish. As he carries it on shore, Jorah knocks him out with a punch to the face. Looking around, he drags the man out of the water, and throws two coins on him. Jorah walks over to where he has Tyrion tied up. Tyrion is grunting, trying to cut the ropes binding him with a knife. Jorah picks up the knife and Tyrion. He throws Tyrion and his supplies into the boat, and then pushes it out to sea. Once it gains momentum, he hops in himself.
CUT TO: EXT. BOAT
A number of men walk around doing various tasks on deck. Jaime Lannister looks out from the side of the boat. He turns to the captain.
JAIME: Is that Estermont?
CAPTAIN: Tarth, Ser Jaime. (Shot of an island). The Sapphire Isle.
INT. BELOW DECK
A knife hits a sandbag.
BRONN: Why are we on a merchant ship? Why no Lannister sails?
JAIME: This ship's sailing to Oldtown. We'll get off earlier, not far from Sunspear. Row ourselves to the Dornish shores in the night.
BRONN: You ever been to Dorne?
JAIME: No.
BRONN: I have. The Dornish are crazy. All they want to do is fight and fuck. Fuck and fight.
JAIME: You should be happy to go back. (Drinks some water).
BRONN: (Gets up, walking to his knife). There's nothing like a good fight to get you in the mood for fucking. (Pulls out his knife from the sandbag). And there's nothing like a fuck-mad Dornish girl to clear your head for the next fight. It's how the two work together. And we're gonna do a lot of fighting, I am sure. Well, I am. But I don't imagine we'll get to stick around for the rest. Not after we've kidnapped their princess.
JAIME: We are not kidnapping their princess. We are rescuing my niece, bringing her back to the family,
BRONN: (Incredulously) Your niece?
Jaime and Bronn have a stare-off. After a moment, Jaime looks away. Bronn drinks some water.
BRONN: I've been doing this sort of thing a long time. I'm good at it. (Sits down).
JAIME: That's why you're here.
BRONN: I know. Why are you here? Why not send 40 of me, or an army? Unlike most folks, you actually got one.
JAIME: Because I don't want to start a war.
BRONN: That still doesn't explain why you're doing it.
JAIME: It has to be me.
BRONN: (Gets up starts walking). If I'm putting something of a lit together, a one-handed man, (Grabs some rope and walks back), who happens to be one of the most recognizable faces in Westeros, is not -
JAIME: It has to be me.
BRONN: (Sheaths his sword). You set your brother free, didn't you? I bet your sister didn't like that.
JAIME: (Quietly) Varys set him free.
BRONN: Well, if you ever see the little fucker, (Lays down), give him my regards.
JAIME: He murdered my father. If I ever see him, I'll split him in two. And then I'll give him your regards.
CUT TO: KING’S LANDING
INT. SMALL COUNCIL CHAMBER
Cersei sits in her chair, looking angry. At the table is Maester Pycelle, Qyburn, Mace Tyrell, and an empty chair.
MACE: The Iron Bank has called one tenth of the Crown's debts. Given the expense of rebuilding the royal -
CERSEI: How much can the Crown afford?
MACE: With winter coming, half what they ask. Less.
CERSEI: You're the Master of Coin. How do we pay them?
MACE: Well, House Tyrell could front the gold, and the the Crown will pay us back in time, or I'll have words with my daughter.
Mace smiles, as if expecting a laugh. Qyburn and Pycelle both look down. Mace’s smile fades. Cersei smiles.
CERSEI: You've already given us too much. (Gets up and walks to a window). No, we must arrange better terms with the Iron Bank.
MACE: Absolutely.
CERSEI: In person.
MACE: (After a moment, looks at her surprised). Me? (Qyburn smiles).
CERSEI: We must send an envoy to the Iron Bank, someone of importance, to show these bankers our respect. As the King's Master of Coin, I can think of no one more qualified.
MACE: I will be honored, Your Grace.
CERSEI: The King has expressed concern about his father-in-law's safety on this voyage. (Smiling). He's ordered Ser Meryn to personally lead your escort.
Ser Meryn walks into the room. Mace turns to look at him, and then back at Cersei.
MACE: My very own Kingsguard? Please express -
CERSEI: Safe travels, Lord Tyrell.
MACE: (Raises his hands). Of course, of course, (Gathers his belongings, and then gets up). I'll give your regards to the Titan of Braavos.
Mace laughs. Qyburn looks down, lightly chuckling. Mace exits, followed by Ser Meryn.
PYCELLE: The Small Council grows smaller and smaller.
CERSEI: (Walking out). Not small enough.
Pycelle watches her leave.
INT. HIGH SPARROW’S CHAMBER
A note lies on the desk, stamped with the seal of the High Sparrow. The High Sparrow sits behind his desk, across from Cersei. She pours a glass of wine.
CERSEI: May I offer you some wine, Your Holiness?
HIGH SPARROW: No. (Smiles).
Cersei looks unsure, presumably having expected him to say yes. After a moment she smiles and pushes the wine away.
CERSEI: The old High Septon would have asked the vintage. (Smiles).
HIGH SPARROW: I could say that our minds are temples to the Seven and should be kept pure. But the truth is, (Chuckles), I don't like the taste.
CERSEI: Hmm.
HIGH SPARROW: (After a moment). How may I serve?
CERSEI: All over Westeros we hear about septs being burned. Silent sisters raped. Bodies of holy men piled in the streets.
HIGH SPARROW: Wars teach people to obey the sword, not the Gods.
CERSEI: Perhaps the Gods need a sword of their own. (HS raises an eyebrow). In the days before the Targaryens, the Faith Militant dispensed the justice of the Seven.
HIGH SPARROW: Well, the Faith Militant was disarmed more than two centuries ago.
CERSEI: If I explain the holy purpose to my son, the king, I have no doubt he will sign a decree arming the believers you felt worthy.
HIGH SPARROW: An army that defends the bodies and souls of the common people.
CERSEI: An army and service to the Gods themselves. And to you, of course. As the chosen representative of the Seven.
HIGH SPARROW: An honor I never expected. Or indeed, ever wished for.
CERSEI: Which is why you were chosen. (HS smiles). You and I both know how the world works. Too often the wicked are the wealthiest, beyond the reach of justice. The king himself cannot always punish those who deserve it most.
HIGH SPARROW: All sinners are equal before the Gods.
CERSEI: (Smiles. Continues after a moment). What would you say if I told you we have a great sinner in our very midst? Shielded by gold and privilege.
HIGH SPARROW: May the Father judge him justly. (Smiles).
EXT. STREET
A group of Faith Militant, wearing black robes and chains, walk down the street. Many nearby people chatter amongst themselves and look on. They begin breaking open casks of wine, and people begin screaming. One throws some men out of a building. Wine from the broken casks flows down some steps.
INT. A ROOM
We see a man in pain, sweating heavily and biting down on a piece of cloth. Someone begins carving something on his forehead, and his hand scratches and grabs at the table.
EXT. MARKETPLACE
Outside, the Faith Militant destroy a marketplace, smashing things for sale, flipping over tables, and attacking merchants. One merchant, laying on the ground, looks up at some gold cloaks on a castle wall.
MERCHANT: Help me! Help me!
The gold cloaks turn around, ignoring him.
INT. A ROOM
The man in the room continues to sweat and bite down on the cloth. His face trembles. The symbol continues being carved.
INT. BROTHEL
A prostitute moans while having sex with a client. Some Faith Militant walk in and interrupt. She shrieks as one grabs her by the hair and pulls her off of the man. Another comes in grinning and strikes the man with a stick. The prostitute is forced out of the room. Some more men interrupt an orgy. Two women start screaming. They begin beating some of the participants, and taking others out of the room. Olyvar attempts to confront a member of the Faith Militant as the man drags out a prostitute.
OLYVAR: (Angrily). This is Lord Petyr Baelish's establishment.
The man elbows Olyvar in the face and continues on his way. After most of the Faith’s Militant are gone, Olyvar hears a scream. He walks towards the source of the scream, blood running from his noise, and hears another scream.
MILITANT: Cocksucker! (Man screams). Boy fucker! You barbaric filth! There's a special place in the Seventh Hell for your kind.
Olyvar stands just outside the doorway of a large room. Inside, a group of militants, most of them armed, stand around a male prostitute and his male client. Both are naked and bloody on the floor.
CLIENT: Please, please, I'll pay! I'll pay all of you.
MILITANT: (Pulls out a knife). Yes, you will! Seize him.
The client begins crying. Olyvar backs out of the doorway and begins running away. The client screams.
INT. A ROOM
Someone finishes carving the symbol on the man’s head. The carver walks away and the man, revealed to be Lancel Lannister, sits up, breathing heavily. The symbol on his forehead is the symbol of the Faith Militant.
EXT. STAIRWELL
A number of Faith’s Militant, all armed, walk down a stairwell. They enter a clearing, where Loras Tyrell is sparring with another man. Some people are spectating. The militants, including Lancel, approach the fight. Loras, having knocked the other man to the ground, removes his helmet. He hands his sword to another man, who hands Loras a drink. He suddenly becomes aware of the presence of the militants.
MILITANT: Seize him.
The militants grab Loras.
LORAS: Get your hands off of me.
LANCEL: Ser Loras of House Tyrell, you have broken the laws of Gods and men.
LORAS: Who do you think you are?
LANCEL: Justice. (Loras grunts and struggles).
INT. HALLWAY
Margaery walks down a hallway. She pushes a set of doors open, enters Tommen’s chambers, and angrily puts her hands on a table. Tommen is eating, and looks up at her, surprised.
MARGAERY: Why is my brother in a cell?
TOMMEN: I, I don't know. I, I didn't order it.
MARGAERY: We both know who did. (Walks away). You told me she was returning to Casterly Rock.
TOMMEN: (Standing up). Are you saying my mother is behind this?
MARGAERY: She's jealous you're not hers anymore. Arresting my brother is her revenge.
TOMMEN: Aren't you and mother getting along?
MARGAERY: (Scoffs). Oh, my sweet, sweet King. (Sits down). Do you have any affection for me at all?
TOMMEN: (Takes her hand). Of course I do. You're my Queen.
MARGAERY: I can't bear to think of my brother locked away in some grimy cell.
TOMMEN: I'll set him free for you.
MARGAERY: Do you promise?
INT. CERSEI’S CHAMBERS
Tommen walks into Cersei’s chambers. Cersei is staring out of a window and drinking wine.
TOMMEN: I demand that Ser Loras be freed now!
CERSEI: (Turns around). Did I arrest him?
TOMMEN: Well, no... But you armed the Faith Militant. You gave the High Sparrow an army.
CERSEI: I did. And your wife has every right to criticize. (Begins walking towards her desk). Can't allow fanatics to arrest the Queen's brother, no matter his perversions.
TOMMEN: Then can I tell Margaery you'll have Ser Loras released?
CERSEI: I told you I am not holding Ser Loras. You're the King. I'm sure if you speak to the High Sparrow, he'll release the poor boy.
EXT. THE GREAT SEPT
A group of kingsguard lead Tommen to the Great Sept.
KINGSGUARD: Halt!
The party stops. Tommen gets out and goes to the steps of the Sept on foot, followed by guards. A number of people are seen milling about around the base of the steps. Some Faith Militant stand guarding the steps. They block Tommen and his guards from walking up.
MILITANT: His Holiness is praying. He will not be disturbed.
KINGSGUARD: Give the order and we'll tear out this rebel.
TOMMEN: You mean, kill them? Here, in the sept?
KINGSGUARD: You'll be sending them to meet the Gods that they love.
The kingsguard and militants both adjust their stances, ready for a fight. A number of other people begin to watch. Some people begin yelling at Tommen.
MAN 1: Bastard!
MAN 2: You're an abomination!
MAN 3: You're born of sin!
WOMAN: Filthy bastard!
TOMMEN: We'll find another way.
Tommen begins walking away, followed by his guards.
MAN 4: Abomination!
INT. TOMMEN’S CHAMBERS
Tommen opens the doors to his chambers, finding it empty.
TOMMEN: My Queen?
Margaery enters from outside.
TOMMEN: There was no way to free Ser Loras without violence.
MARGAERY: You're the King of the Andals, the Lord of the Seven Kingdoms, the Protector of the Realm. And you let a band of fanatics imprison your brother by law.
TOMMEN: I'm going to speak to the High Sparrow.
MARGAERY: Are you? When?
TOMMEN: I--I don't know.
MARGAERY: You don't know?
TOMMEN: He was praying just now.
MARGAERY: (Walking out). I have to send word to Grandmother.
TOMMEN: Will you come back later? (Margaery stops).
MARGAERY: I need to be with my family, Your Grace. (Continues walking).
TOMMEN: Of course.
CUT TO: THE WALL
EXT. CASTLE BLACK
Some Night’s Watchmen spar in the courtyard. A number of others look on. Stannis and Selyse watch from some stairs.
SELYSE: You think highly of this boy.
JON: (To some of the men sparring). Good.
STANNIS: Lord Commander of the Night's Watch.
SELYSE: A bastard by some tavern slut.
STANNIS: Perhaps, but that wasn't Ned Stark's way.
SELYSE: I should have given you a son.
STANNIS: Not your fault.
SELYSE: Whose then? (Looks at their daughter Shireen). I gave you nothing but weakness. (Turns back). And deformity. (Stannis shakes his head).
MELISANDRE: (Walking towards them). Those scars mean nothing to the Lord of Light.
SELYSE: My Lady.
MELISANDRE: Her father is the Lord's chosen King. And her father's blood runs through her veins.
Melisandre and Selyse stare at each other. After a moment, Selyse walks away.
MELISANDRE: You march on Winterfell soon?
STANNIS: We must. To beat the snows.
MELISANDRE: Once before you put your faith in Ser Davos and left me behind. I hope you won't make that mistake again.
STANNIS: I won't. I need you.
MELISANDRE: You only need faith, my King.
STANNIS: (Walking away). And you, my Lady, what do you need?
MELISANDRE: To serve my Lord.
Stannis turns back. They both watch Jon sparring.
INT. JON’S CHAMBER
Jon sits at his desk. Sam hands him various letters to sign, one by one.
SAM: Lord Ashford. (Jon signs). Lady Caulfield. (Jon signs). Lord Smallwood.
JON: Never even heard of these people.
SAM: They haven't heard of you either. (Jon signs). But we need men and they have some.
JON: And how many men does this Lord Mazin have to send us?
SAM: (Chuckles, looking at the next letter). More than Lord Wibberley.
Sam’s face grows dark after reading the next letter. When Jon finishes signing the letter to Lord Wibberley, Sam hands it to him, saying nothing. Jon begins signing, but hesitates.
JON: Not him.
SAM: I know, I'm sorry, but we need men and supplies. And Roose Bolton is the Warden of The North.
JON: He murdered my brother.
SAM: We swore to be the Watchers on the Wall. We can't watch the Wall with 50 men. And we can't get more men without help from the Warden of the North.
Jon hesitates another moment, and then relents and signs the letter. He leans his chair back, and Sam gathers up all of the signed letters. He walks away, almost bumping into Melisandre as she enters Jon’s chambers.
SAM: Apologies, my Lady.
Sam and Melisandre both look at Jon. Jon nods at Sam, and he leaves. Melisandre closes the door behind him, and Jon straightens up his posture.
MELISANDRE: Lord Commander.
JON: How can I help you?
MELISANDRE: Come with us when we ride south. (Walks forwards). None of us know the castle as well as you do. Its hidden tunnels, its weaknesses, its people. Winterfell was your home once. Don't you want to chase the rats out of it? (Turns to Jon).
JON: Castle Black is my home now. Night's Watch takes no part in the wars of the Seven Kingdoms.
MELISANDRE: There's only one war. Life against death. Come. Let me show what you're fighting for. (Walks in front of Jon).
JON: You're gonna show me some vision in the fire. Forgive me, my Lady. But I don't trust in visions.
MELISANDRE: No visions. No magic. Just life.
She opens up her robes, naked underneath. She leans back, and takes Jon’s hand, slowly leading it up her body to cup her breast.
MELISANDRE: Do you feel my heart beating? This power in you, you resist it, and that's your mistake. Embrace it.
Melisandre smiles and looks down at Jon’s hand. Jon looks too. Realizing that she is no longer holding it there, he quickly pulls it away. Melisandre caresses Jon’s face and sits on his lap.
MELISANDRE: The Lord of Light made us male and female. Two parts of a greater whole. We are joining this power. Power to make life, power to make light, and power to cast shadows.
JON: I don't think Stannis would like that very much.
MELISANDRE: Then we shouldn't tell him. (Starts unbuttoning Jon’s coat).
JON: I can't.
MELISANDRE: Why?
JON: I swore a vow. (Melisandre looks at him incredulously). I loved another.
MELISANDRE: The dead don't need lovers. Only the living.
Jon keeps her from unbuttoning his coat any further, breathing heavily.
JON: I know. But I still love her.
Melisandre stands up, closes her robes, and walks away. After opening the door to leave, she turns to Jon.
MELISANDRE: You know nothing, Jon Snow.
Jon’s mouth opens a bit. She smirks and leaves.
INT. STANNIS’S ROOM
Stannis sits at his desk, reading something. There’s a knock at the door. After a moment, Shireen enters. Stannis looks up at her and then back down at his reading material. She closes the door. She smiles, but after Stannis doesn’t return her smile, she walks over to a nearby dresser and begins playing with the objects on top of it.
STANNIS: Are you lonely?
SHIREEN: (Turns around, holding something). Just bored.
STANNIS: My father used to tell me that boredom indicates a lack of inner resources.
SHIREEN: (Looks up). Were you bored a lot, too?
STANNIS: I know Castle Black is no place for a child, but I -
SHIREEN: I like it. (Walks to a table). I thought I'd be left at home. I know mother didn't want to bring me. (Picks up an X from the table).
STANNIS: Why do you say that?
SHIREEN: She told me, "I don't want to bring you."
Shireen fiddles with the objects in her hands. Stannis looks down.
STANNIS: She shouldn't have said that.
Shireen puts down the objects she was playing with, and turns to leave. Before opening the door, she turns back to Stannis.
SHIREEN: Are you ashamed of me, father?
Stannis looks up surprised. He puts down what he was doing. Shireen looks down.
STANNIS: When you were an infant, (Stands up and walks around his desk), the Dornish trailer landed on Dragonstone. His goods were junk except for one wooden doll. He'd even sewn a dress on it in the colors of our House. No doubt he'd heard of your birth, and assumed new fathers were easy targets. I still remember how you smiled when I put that doll in your cradle, (Shireen smiles), and you pressed it to your cheek. (Looks down. Shireen’s smile drops). By the time we burnt the doll, it was too late. (Walks to the table and adjusts the objects on it). I was told you would die. Or worse, the grayscale would go slow. (Turns to her). Let you grow just enough to know the world before taking it away from you. Everyone advised me to send you to the ruins of Valyria to live out your short life with the Stone men, before the sickness spread to the castle. I told them all to go to hell. (Shireen smiles). I called in every maester on this side of the world. Every healer, every apothecary. They stopped the disease and saved your life. Because you did not belong across the world with the bloody Stone men. (Walks towards her). You are the Princess Shireen of House Baratheon. And you are my daughter.
After a moment, Shireen hugs Stannis. At first hesitant, he hugs her back.
CUT TO: WINTERFELL
INT. TOMBS UNDERNEATH WINTERFELL
Sansa lights a candle on a tomb. She then walks over to Lyanna’s tomb and places a candle in the hand of Lyanna’s statue. She then leans down to pick a dusty feather off of the ground. As she blows off the dust, a figure is seen approaching in the background.
BAELISH: I thought I might find you here. (Sansa turns to him). Your Aunt Lyanna.
SANSA: Father never talked about her. Sometimes I'd find him down here, lighting the candles. They say she was beautiful.
BAELISH: I saw her once. I was a boy, living with your mother's family. Lord Whent had a great tourney at Harrenhal. Everyone was there. The Mad King, your father, Robert Baratheon. And Lyanna, she was already promised to Robert. You can imagine what it was like for me, a boy from nowhere, with nothing to his name, watching these legendary men, tilting at the lists. The last two riders were Barristan Selmy and Rhaegar Targaryen. When Rhaegar won, everyone cheered for the prince. I remember the girls laughing when he took off his helmet and they saw that silver hair. How handsome he was. Until he rode right past his wife, Elia Martell, and all the smiles died. I've never seen so many people so quiet. He rode past his wife, and he lay a crown of winter roses in Lyanna's lap. Blue as frost. How many tens of thousands had to die because Rhaegar chose your aunt?
SANSA: Yes, he chose her… and then he kidnapped her and raped her.
BAELISH: Come. (Takes her arm). Let's speak somewhere the dead can't hear us. (They begin walking away).
SANSA: Dressed for riding?
BAELISH: I am.
SANSA: Where are you going?
BAELISH: King's Landing.
SANSA: King's Landing?
BAELISH: Cersei sent for me. (They stop). We must not let her sniff out any trouble.
SANSA: You can't leave me here!
BAELISH: I know how hard it is to live with people you despise, believe me. But it won't be for long.
SANSA: How do you know?
BAELISH: (They begin walking again). Stannis Baratheon garrisons at Castle Black. He'll march south to King's Landing before the winter snows block his way. But first, he has to take Winterfell.
SANSA: You don't know that.
BAELISH: I do. Once he liberates these lands from the Boltons he'll rally your father's bannermen to his cause. With the North behind him, Stannis can finally take the Iron Throne.
SANSA: You think he'll defeat the Boltons?
BAELISH: He has a larger army. He's the finest military commander in Westeros. A betting man would put his money on Stannis. (They stop). As it happens, I am a betting man.
SANSA: And if you're right?
BAELISH: Stannis takes Winterfell, he rescues you from the most despised family in the North. Grateful for your late father's courageous support for his claim, he names you Wardeness of the North.
SANSA: But I, I wouldn't… Wardeness of the North
BAELISH: You are the last surviving Stark. He needs you.
SANSA: What if you're wrong? What if Stannis never attacks Winterfell, or he does and the Boltons defeat him?
BAELISH: Then you will take this Bolton boy, Ramsay, and make him yours.
SANSA: I don't know how to do that.
BAELISH: Of course you do. He's already fallen for you.
SANSA: His father frightens me.
BAELISH: He should, he's a dangerous man. But even the most dangerous men can be outmaneuvered. And you’ve learnt to maneuver from the very best. (Puts a hand on her shoulder). I return before too long. (Puts a hand behind her head). You'll be strong without me. (She nods, and he kisses her). The North will be yours. Do you believe me?
SANSA: I expect I'll be a married woman by the time you return.
Baelish chuckles and pats her shoulder. He turns and leaves as Sansa watches him.
CUT TO: DORNE
EXT. BOAT
At night, Bronn and Jaime sit in a boat. Bronn rows to shore alone. Looking across at Jaime, Jaime holds up his fake hand. Bronn begrudgingly goes back to rowing alone. After they get to shore, they carry their boat in, and hide it in some tall grass. They then both walk away.
Jaime awakens to find Bronn standing over him with a knife. His eyes widens and he moves to the side as Bronn brings his knife down on a snake that was about to bite Jaime. Jaime looks at the snake and Bronn pulls his knife out of it.
BRONN: Breakfast.
Bronn and Jaime sit at a fire. Bronn cooks the snake while Jaime puts gloves on.
BRONN: That would have been a shit way to die.
JAIME: As far as I've seen, they're all shit ways to die.
BRONN: Aye. But your lot like to give the singers a good ending.
JAIME: I don't care what's sung about me when I'm dead.
BRONN: No? Two knights, off to rescue a princess. Sounds like a good song to me.
JAIME: Sounds like all the rest.
While Bronn is distracted eating, Jaime gets rid of his food.
JAIME: What about you? What shit way would you choose?
BRONN: In my own keep, drinking my own wine, watching my sons grovel for my fortune.
JAIME: How disappointing. I thought you'd have something more exciting planned.
BRONN: I've had an exciting life. I want my death to be boring. How do you want to go?
JAIME: In the arms of the woman I love.
BRONN: She want the same thing?
JAIME: Let's go.
They both get up and gather their things. Bronn stomps out the fire. The scene cuts to them walking through some tall grass later.
BRONN: The captain to that ship… What was he, Braavosi?
JAIME: Pentoshi.
BRONN: And he's headed to Oldtown?
JAIME: As I said. Why?
BRONN: What's to stop him from docking down the coast and telling the locals that Jaime Lannister's in Dorne?
JAIME: A bag of gold.
BRONN: I'm not sure you understand how much people hate your family in this part of the world.
JAIME: It was a heavy bag.
BRONN: And I bet he swore all kinds of oaths to get it. But you won't be around if he breaks them.
A horse neighs in the distance. Jaime looks around. A group of Dornish riders approach. Bronn and Jaime hide in the grass. Jaime watches the riders.
BRONN: How many you count?
JAIME: Four.
BRONN: How many you think you can take?
JAIME: One, if he's slow.
Bronn turns to look at the riders.
RIDER: Halt!
The rider holds up his hand, and the party stops, having spotted Jaime and Bronn’s footsteps.
BRONN: Fucked in the arse. (Both get up). Hiya! (The riders approach them). Morning, lads. Glad we found you.
RIDER: Who are you?
BRONN: Cooper. (Points to Jaime). This is Darnell.
RIDER: You're from King's Landing.
BRONN: Accent gave me away? Flea Bottom. Whelped and whipped.
RIDER: Why are you here?
BRONN: Our ship capsized in the night. We managed to swim ashore. It was a near thing, really.
JAIME: I thought the sharks would get us. (Bronn looks at him).
RIDER: There are no sharks in Dorne.
JAIME: I could have sworn those were shark fins.
BRONN: Dolphins maybe.
RIDER: Throw your swords in the sand.
BRONN: Boys, there's no need for this. Just, point us in the right direction. We'll find our way home.
RIDER: Swords in the sand! Now!
Bronn and Jaime look at each other. They pull out their swords. Bronn puts his down in the sand, and then flings a knife into the throat of a rider. He then kills another, stabbing him and knocking him off of his horse. A third charges him, and Bronn knocks him off of his horse as well. However, he survives. Bronn turns to Jaime.
BRONN: That one should be slow enough.
Bronn approaches the fourth and final rider. Jaime turns to the injured rider, who is revealed to be much larger than Jaime. They begin fighting. In the background, Bronn knocks the fourth rider off of his horse. As Jaime and the man fight, Jaime is slowly pushed back, down a hill. He falls over and begins rolling to escape his attacker. He loses his balance and his sword is knocked away. As the attacker brings his sword down to kill Jaime, Jaime brings his gold hand up to block it. The sword gets stuck in Jaime’s hand. As the attacker is stuck trying to remove the sword, Jaime picks his back up, kills him, and kicks him down the hill.
BRONN: Nice move! (Jaime turns to him).
JAIME: Luck.
BRONN: You had a wonderful teacher.
Bronn turns and walks away. Jaime looks back down the hill, and then to his hand. Failing to shake the sword off, he is forced to dislodge it by kicking it out of his own hand. Bronn is then seen cleaning his sword off on the clothes of one of the dead riders. He sheaths his sword as Jaime approaches.
BRONN: Always wanted a Dornish stallion. Beasts can run a day and night without tiring. We'll ride to the Water Gardens with a nice breeze in our face.
JAIME: First we need to bury these bodies.
BRONN: Birds have to eat too.
JAIME: Corpses raise questions, questions raise armies. We're not here to start a war.
BRONN: Do you know how long it will take us to dig all those holes?
JAIME: (Holding out his hand). I can't dig very well with one hand. Not at all, really.
Jaime walks away as Bronn’s face drops. He begins dragging a body.
EXT. BEACH
Elaria, in all black, swiftly rides down a beach on horseback. She approaches a tent. Nearby are some more horses, and in the tent are Nymeria, Obara, and Tyene. Tyene exits the tent to meet her as she dismounts.
TYENE: Nama!
Tyene and Elaria embrace.
ELARIA: Nym, Obara.
OBARA: Will it be war?
ELARIA: Prince Doran will weep for your father, but nothing else. We must avenge Oberyn ourselves.
OBARA: Without Doran we have no army to march against the Lannisters.
ELARIA: We don't need an army to start a war. (Drinks water). Queen Cersei loves her children, and we have one of them.
NYMERIA: We may have a problem.
Nymeria uses a whip to knock a bucket away. Underneath is the captain who brought Jaime and Bronn to Dorne, buried neck-deep in sand and covered in scorpions.
OBARA: A ship's captain, who found me in Planky Town, claiming he had information to sell. He told me he smuggled Jaime Lannister into Dorne.
ELARIA: He's come for Myrcella. If he gets to her before we do, we lose our only chance for revenge. You must choose. Doran's way and peace, or my way and war.
TYENE: (Walks towards her). I'm with you. Always. (Elaria puts a hand to her face).
ELARIA: Nym? (Nymeria nods). Obara?
OBARA: When I was a child, (Begins walking), Oberyn came to take me to court. I'd never seen this man, and yet he called himself my father. My mother wept, said I was too young, and a girl.
Oberyn tossed his spear at my feet and said, "Girl or boy, we fight our battles. But the Gods let us choose our weapons." My father pointed to the spear, and then to my mother's tears.
Obara picks up a spear that was sticking out of the sand. She twirls it around for a moment, and then tosses it through the captain’s head, killing him.
OBARA: (Smiles). I made my choice long ago.
Elaria and Tyene smile.
CUT TO: EXT. BOAT AT SEA
Jorah steers the boat as Tyrion, tied up and gagged, tries to speak. He only succeeds in mumbling. Eventually he stops trying to say real words, and instead only tries to be as loud as possible, to annoy Jorah. Jorah comes over and ungags him, and then walks back over to continue steering.
TYRION: Thank you. (After a long pause). Who are you?
JORAH: Your captor.
TYRION: Do you have wine?
JORAH: No.
TYRION: I can't sleep without wine.
JORAH: Then stay awake.
TYRION: You're going the wrong way. My sister's in Westeros. Westeros is west! We're heading east.
JORAH: I'm not taking you to your sister.
TYRION: You said you were taking me to the Queen.
JORAH: I am. Queen Daenerys Targaryen. She's the Queen I serve.
TYRION: (Chuckles). What a waste of a good kidnapping. So happens I was heading there myself!
JORAH: What business would you have with the Queen?
TYRION: Gold and glory. Oh, and hate. If you've ever met my sister, you'd understand. So now that it's clear we're on the same side? (Holds out his hands expectantly. Jorah makes no move to respond). A high born knight from the North of Westeros, down on his luck in Essos. Dragon epaulettes? Bear sigil breast plate. You're Jorah Mormont. I have to ask how, exactly, were you serving your Queen in a whore house, half a world away? Is it possible, that you were running? Why would you be running? And why would she have sent you away? Oh, wait! You were spying on her, weren't you? It's all coming back to me! I was drunk through most of the Small Council meetings, but it's all coming back. You passed notes to Varys's little birds. She found out, didn't she? Found out, and exiled you. (Jorah looks downtrodden). And now you hope to win back her favor with a gift. A risky scheme. One might even say, desperate. Do you think Daenerys would execute me, and pardon you? I'd say the reverse is just as likely.
Jorah stops steering and approaches Tyrion. Tyrion holds out his hands again, but Jorah strikes him, knocking him unconscious. He then goes back to steering, looking worried.
CUT TO: YUNKAI
EXT. BALCONY OVERLOOKING THE CITY
Daenerys and Ser Barristan stand on the balcony.
DAENERYS: Everyone looks happy enough from up here. (Barristan chuckles). What?
BARRISTAN: I was thinking of all the times your brother made me go with him down from the Red Keep, into the streets of King's Landing.
DAENERYS: Why?
BARRISTAN: He liked to walk among the people, he liked to sing to them.
DAENERYS: He sang to them?
BARRISTAN: Yes. Rhaegar would take a spot on the Hook or the Street of Seeds and then he'd sing. Just like all the other minstrels.
DAENERYS: And what did you do?
BARRISTAN: I made sure no one killed him. And I collected the money. (Daenerys looks surprised). Well he liked to see how much he could make.
DAENERYS: He was good?
BARRISTAN: He was very good. Viserys never told you?
DAENERYS: He told me Rhaegar was good at killing people. (Sits down).
BARRISTAN: Rhaegar never liked killing. He loved singing.
DAENERYS: And what did you do with the money?
BARRISTAN: Well, one time, he gave it to the next minstrel down the street. One time, he gave it to an orphanage in Flea Bottom. One time... we got horribly drunk. (They both laugh).
DARIO: (Entering). Your Grace. Hizdahr is here, waiting in your audience chamber.
DAENERYS: How many others are there?
DARIO: Fifty a hundred.
DAENERYS: Will you be joining us, Ser Barristan?
DARIO: I think I can protect you from Hizdahr Zo Loraq.
DAENERYS: I think I can protect me from Hizdahr Zo Loraq. Go, Ser Barristan. Sing a song for me.
BARRISTAN: Your Grace. (Leaves).
INT. AUDIENCE CHAMBER
HIZDAHR: All men must die. But not all can die in glory.
MISSANDEI: Glory?
HIZDAHR: Why else do men fight? Why did your ancestors cross the Narrow Sea and conquer the Seven Kingdoms? So their names would live on. Those who find victory in the fighting pits, will never become kings, but their names will live on. It's the best chance they'll ever have.
DAENERYS: Is that what you used to tell men before you set them to butchering each other for sport?
HIZDAHR: Your Grace, today is the traditional start of the fighting season.
DAENERYS: I do not recognize this tradition.
HIZDAHR: Traditions are the only thing that will hold this city, your city, together. (Shots of Sons of the Harpy walking through tunnels with torches). Without them, former slaves and former masters have nothing in common. Nothing but centuries of mistrust and resentment. I can't promise this is the answer to all our problems, but it's a start.
EXT. MARKETPLACE
A prostitute and a soldier laugh with each other. Another soldier talks with some women. Some Sons of the Harpy kill all of the soldiers in the area, causing panic. In a nearby alley, some Unsullied march. Hearing the chaos, they begin running towards the market. They find the prostitute crying over the body of the dead soldier.
WOMAN: (Speaking another language) Sons of the Harpy.
She gestures in the direction the sons went. The Unsullied run in that direction. When they are out of view, she stops her act and wipes the tears away. The Unsullied enter a corridor, expecting to catch the sons. Instead, they themselves are ambushed from every direction by Sons of the Harpy. After a tense few moments, a fight breaks out. During the fight, one of the Unsullied’s helmet is knocked off, and is revealed to be Grey Worm. Another fight breaks out elsewhere. The two Unsullied there are killed almost immediately. Barristan walks down an alley and, upon noticing the chaos, heads to the fighting. Grey Worm is badly injured, and with his party killed, also badly outnumbered. Unsullied are shown being killed elsewhere. Grey Worm continues holding off the sons, and Barristan arrives to assist him. They are able to kill all of the sons, but are both seriously injured in the process. They fall unconscious, and the camera pans up to show them surrounded by all of the dead sons and Unsullied.
END EPISODE
TITLE SEQUENCEINT. ROOM
Grey Worm lays in a bed, asleep. Missandei stands over him, crying.
INT. THRONE ROOM
The room is dark, except for some candles. Daenerys and Daario stand over the body of Barristan. Hizdahr enters with two men.
HIZDAHR: I am so sorry, my queen. He was a good man.
DAENERYS: "Barristan the Bold" they called him. He crossed a continent to serve me. He was a loyal friend. And he died in an alley, butchered by cowards who hide behind masks.
DAARIO: We could pull back to the pyramid district, secure it, and use it as a base from which to operate. Then we clean the city out, neighborhood by neighborhood, street by street, until the rats have nowhere left to hide.
Daario walks over the Daenerys and looks at Hizdahr. He looks back. Daenerys turns around.
DAENERYS: I prefer your earlier suggestion. Round up the leaders of each of Meereen's great families and bring them to me.
HIZDAHR: But... I'm the leader of my family.
Daario nods. The two men behind Hizdahr grab and restrain him. He is taken away.
HIZDAHR: No, Your Grace! I had nothing to do with this. Your Grace!
INT. DRAGON CHAMBER
Daenerys, Daario, some Unsullied, and a number of men stand in the chamber. Daario holds a torch. After a few moments, Daenerys turns around and begins walking. Daario follows her. Then a chain can be heard rattling. Daenerys and Daario turn around.
DAENERYS: (in Valyrian) Walk forward.
The Unsullied lower their spears at the other men.
MAN: (Valyrian) You cannot do this.
The Unsullied begin walking forward, forcing the men to move. After a few moments, they stop. Chains rattle again.
DAENERYS: (Valyrian) Another step.
The Unsullied and the men take another step. Chains rattle and an unseen dragon snarls. Daenerys walks through the Unsullied to the front of the group.
DAENERYS: (Valyrian) They will eat you, if I tell them to. They may eat you even if I don’t. Children. Some say I should give up on them. (One of the men is mumbling). But a good mother never gives up on her children. She disciplines them if she must.
Daenerys looks at Daario. He walks over and pushes the mumbling man forward, onto his knees.
DAENERYS: (Valyrian) But she does not give up on them.
The man’s eyes widen. A dragon comes out of the shadows and breathes fire on him. He screams and dies. The dragons take his corpse, tear it in two, and eat it.
DAENERYS: (Valyrian) Who is innocent? Maybe all of you are, (Looks at Hizdahr), maybe none of you are. Maybe, (Touching Hizdahr’s arm), I should let the dragons decide.
HIZDAHR: (Valyrian) All men must die.
The other men besides Hizdahr grovel before Daenerys. The dragons continue eating. After a moment, she takes her hand off of Hizdahr.
DAENERYS: Don't want to overfeed them. Tomorrow perhaps.
Daario and the Unsullied take the men out. Daenerys watches her dragons eat for a moment, and then walks out herself.
CUT TO: CASTLE BLACK
INT. LIBRARY
Sam sits at a table, reading a letter. Aemon is with him.
SAM: "And though Daenerys maintains her grip on Slaver's Bay, forces rise against her from within and without. She refuses to leave until the freedom of the former slaves is secure." She sounds like quite a woman.
AEMON: And she's alone, under siege, no family to guide her or protect her. Her last relation thousands of miles away, useless, dying.
SAM: Don't say that, Maester Aemon.
AEMON: A Targaryen, alone in the world, is a terrible thing.
Jon walks in.
JON: Maester Aemon.
AEMON: Lord Commander.
JON: Sam, I'd like to speak to the maester alone.
Sam gets up, grabs his papers, and leaves. Jon walks over and sits at the table.
JON: How are you feeling?
AEMON: Oh, like a hundred-year-old man slowly freezing to death.
JON: I need your advice. There's something I want to do, something I have to do. But it'll divide the Night's Watch. Bitterly. Half the men will hate me the moment I give the order.
AEMON: Half the men hate you already, Lord Commander. Do it.
JON: But you don't know what it is.
AEMON: That doesn't matter. You do. You will find little joy in your command. But with luck, you will find the strength to do what needs to be done. Kill the boy, Jon Snow. Winter is almost upon us. Kill the boy, and let the man be born.
INT. ROOM
Jon and Tormund sit across from each other at a table.
JON: Where are the rest of the free folk now? (Tormund scoffs). Where have they gone? (No response). Who leads them?
TORMUND: They followed Mance. They won't follow anyone else.
JON: What about you?
TORMUND: Hard to lead when you're in chains.
JON: What if I unchained you?
TORMUND: Why would you do that?
JON: Because you are not my enemy. And I'm not yours.
TORMUND: You sure seemed like my enemy when you were killing my friends.
JON: For 8,000 years the Night's Watch have sworn an oath to be the shield that guards the realms of men. And for 8,000 years we've fallen short of that oath. You belong to the realms of men. All of you.
TORMUND: And now everything is going to change?
JON: It is.
TORMUND: Why now?
JON: Because now, (Leans forward), I am Lord Commander of the Night's Watch.
TORMUND: What would you have me do, (Leans forward), Lord Commander?
JON: (Stands up). I'd have you go north of the Wall. Gather the remaining free folk wherever they are and bring them back here. I'll open the gates for them and let them through. I'll find them lands to settle south of the Wall.
TORMUND: They won't kneel for you and neither will I.
JON: I don't want them to kneel for me. I want them to fight with me when the time comes.
TORMUND: The day I ask my people to fight with the crows is the day my people cut my guts from my belly and make me eat them.
JON: And how many of your people can't fight? The women, the children, the old, the sick, what happens to them? You're condemning them to death. Worse than death because you're too proud to make peace. Or maybe you're not proud. Maybe you're just a coward.
TORMUND: (Stands up). Easy thing to say to a man in chains.
Jon unchains Tormund. Tormund’s eyes widen as he feels his hands.
JON: Your people need a leader. And they need to get south of the Wall before it's too late. We don't have much time and they have less. The walkers are coming and they'll hit your people first. I'm not asking you to make peace to save your skin. Make peace to save your people.
TORMUND: Most of them are at Hardhome. You know where that is?
JON: Up on Storrold's Point. I can give you 10 horses and nine other men. You can get there in a week.
TORMUND: We'll need ships.
JON: I'll talk to King Stannis about lending you his fleet.
TORMUND: All right, then. You're coming with me. You're the Lord Commander of the Night's Watch. They need to hear it from you. They need to know the ships they are boarding won’t be torched in the middle of the sea. You come with me, or I don't go.
INT. DINING HALL
The Night’s Watchmen present talk amongst themselves. Stannis and Davos are present. Jon stands at a table in the front of the room with Allister and two others. One of them addresses Jon.
MAN 1: You'd bring wildlings here, through our gates?
JON: Men, women, and children will die by the thousands if we do nothing.
MAN 1: Let them die. We got our own to worry about. Less enemies for us.
Some of the men in the crowd cheer.
STANNIS: Fewer.
DAVOS: What?
STANNIS: Nothing.
SAM: (Standing up) There is good farmland in the Gift. (Laughter). Land that no one uses now. A dozen abandoned villages.
MAN 2: And why do you think the farmers abandoned those villages? Because the wildlings raided them for years. Cut them down! Just like they did this boy's people.
The man points to Olly, who lowers his head. Sam sits down.
ALLISTER: We've been fighting them all for thousands of years. They've slaughtered villages. They've slaughtered our brothers.
JON: And we've slaughtered theirs.
EDD: I will follow you anywhere, you know that. But they killed Grenn. And they killed Pyp. (Men mumble in agreement). They killed 50 of our brothers. I can't forget that. I can't forgive it.
JON: You were at the Fist of the First Men. If we abandon them, you know what they become. We can learn to live with the wildlings or we can add them to the army of the dead. Whatever they are now, they're better than that.
The men in the room return to bickering loudly.
INT. LORD COMMANDER’S ROOM
Jon walks in, takes off his coat, and puts his hands on his desk. Olly knocks and walks in with a plate of food, and sets it down.
JON: Thank you. (Olly walks away). Olly. (He stops). If you have something you want to say to me, say it. It's all right.
OLLY: You don't mean it, do you? Telling the wildlings you want to make peace. You're just doing it to trick them.
JON: It's not a trick.
OLLY: They burned my village. They put an arrow through my father's head right in front of me. They butchered my mother, everyone I ever knew.
JON: I know what it's like to lose the people you love. I know this is hard for you. But winter is coming. We know what's coming with it. We can't face it alone.
OLLY: Will there be anything else you need, Lord Commander?
JON: No.
Olly leaves. Jon sighs.
CUT TO: WINTERFELL
EXT. COURTYARD
Podrick walks carrying some supplies. He enters a building. Inside, Brienne stares out of a window. Podrick sets down the supplies.
PODRICK: She's far away from the Lannisters. This is her home. Maybe Lady Sansa is better off here.
BRIENNE: (Turns around). Better off with the Boltons who murdered her mother and brother? Sansa's in danger even if she doesn't realize it.
A man enters with some water and a towel.
BRIENNE: Thank you. You've lived here a long time?
MAN: Aye.
BRIENNE: Did you know Lord Eddard?
MAN: I knew him and his father before him. The Starks are gone now.
BRIENNE: Not all of them. I know who's inside that castle.
MAN: Everyone knows. The Boltons.
BRIENNE: I'm not talking about the Boltons. I need to get a message to her. To Sansa Stark.
MAN: Who are you?
BRIENNE: Someone who swore to keep her safe.
MAN: Swore to who?
BRIENNE: Her mother.
MAN: Her mother's dead.
BRIENNE: That doesn't release me from an oath. I served Lady Catelyn. I serve her still. Who do you serve?
INT. RAMSAY’S CHAMBERS
Myranda stands naked in front of a window.
RAMSAY: Come back here. Myranda.
MYRANDA: I saw you staring at her.
RAMSAY: I'm going to marry her. That will involve looking at her from time to time.
MYRANDA: You said you'd marry me.
RAMSAY: And I meant it. When I was a bastard named Snow. But I'm a Bolton now. What I want is no longer the primary consideration. I'm furthering a dynasty.
MYRANDA: Do you think she's pretty?
RAMSAY: Of course I do. I'm not blind.
Ramsay sighs and gets up. He walks over to Myranda and grabs her waist.
RAMSAY: You think she's pretty, too. I'm looking forward to our wedding night. But don't worry, I'll have plenty of time for you.
MYRANDA: Perhaps I'll marry, too.
RAMSAY: (Laughs). You're the kennel master's daughter. Who are you going to marry, the stable keeper's son? (She tries to hit him, but he restrains her). You're mine. You're not going anywhere. Unless I have to listen to more of your jealousy. Jealousy bores me. You remember what happens to people who bore me. You're not going to bore me, are you, Myranda?
After a moment, Myranda kisses him. She then bites down hard on his lower lip, causing it to bleed.
MYRANDA: (Smiles). Never.
Ramsay smiles back. They begin having sex.
INT. SANSA’S CHAMBERS
Sansa sits alone at a table. There’s a knock on the door. She turns, gets up, and opens it. An old servant woman comes in.
WOMAN: Beg pardon, my lady. I've come to refill the wash basin.
SANSA: Oh, I don't need-
WOMAN: (Closes the door). You still have friends in the North. If you're ever in trouble, light a candle in the highest window of the broken tower.
SANSA: But who -
WOMAN: You're not alone.
The woman leaves, and closes the door.
EXT. OUTSIDE
Sansa walks through the snow, looking up at the broken tower. Myranda approaches her.
MYRANDA: I like your dress. Who made it for you?
SANSA: I made it myself.
MYRANDA: Really?
SANSA: Who, who are you?
MYRANDA: I'm Myranda, the kennel master's daughter. May I? (Takes Sansa’s arm and inspects her sleeve). Oh, wonderful. The stitching. Who taught you?
SANSA: My mother. (Pulls away).
MYRANDA: I'm sorry for what happened to her.
SANSA: Thank you.
MYRANDA: It's good that she taught you. It was a gift. Now every time you wear something you made, you can remember her.
SANSA: I'd rather have a mother.
MYRANDA: I know. It's not the same. Still, it's good to remember. Remember the way things were. I almost forgot. There's something else to help you remember.
INT. DUNGEON ENTRANCE
Myranda opens the gate and lets Sansa in. Some dogs bark.
MYRANDA: Down there at the end.
SANSA: What is it?
MYRANDA: That would spoil the surprise. Go ahead, it's perfectly safe. You won't believe it when you see it.
The dogs continue barking and growling. Sansa walks down the aisle of cages. Most contain dogs. Sansa looks behind to see Myranda has disappeared. She comes to the last cage, which is open. Inside is Theon, on the floor. He gets up and notices her.
SANSA: Theon?
THEON: You shouldn't be here.
She looks at him angrily. He backs away from her. She leaves.
INT. RAMSAY’S CHAMBERS
Theon unties Ramsay’s jacket.
RAMSAY: You smell particularly ripe this evening. Pour me some wine.
Theon walks over to a table and pours some wine. He then brings it over to Ramsay, who drinks it.
RAMSAY: Do you have something to tell me?
THEON: No, my lord.
RAMSAY: Reek.
THEON: (Stuttering). She saw me.
RAMSAY: Who?
THEON: Sansa. Lady Sansa. She came to the kennels.
RAMSAY: She saw you?
THEON: Yes. I'm sorry, master. Forgive me. I didn't think -
RAMSAY: Come here.
Theon walks forward. Ramsay holds his chin.
RAMSAY: You mustn't keep secrets from me, Reek. Get on your knees.
Theon gets on his knees. Ramsay sips his wine, and then puts it aside. Theon looks down.
RAMSAY: Give me your hand.
Theon hesitantly holds his hand up. As Ramsay takes it, Theon begins stammering. After a moment, Ramsay cups Theon’s hand with his own hands.
RAMSAY: I forgive you.
Theon looks up. Ramsay smiles.
INT. DINING HALL
Sansa, Ramsay, Roose, and Walda sit at a table, eating.
ROOSE: I trust you find your chamber suitable, my lady.
SANSA: Yes, thank you, my lord.
RAMSAY: Allow me.
Ramsay pours Sansa some wine.
RAMSAY: Mother.
WALDA: Thank you, Ramsay.
He pours her some wine as well. She smiles. Ramsay gets up and holds his wine up.
RAMSAY: My lady, we are all a family, we northerners. Our blood ties go back thousands of years. So I'd like to drink to our wedding. May our happiness spread from Moat Cailin to the Last Hearth.
ROOSE: (Raises his cup). To your wedding.
WALDA: (Raises her cup). To your wedding.
Ramsay takes a large sip of wine. Sansa puts her own glass down. Ramsay sits down.
WALDA: It must be difficult for you being in a strange place.
SANSA: This isn't a strange place. This is my home. It's the people who are strange.
RAMSAY: You're right. Very strange. More wine, please.
Theon enters the room with some wine. Sansa looks away.
THEON: (Turns around). Yes, master.
RAMSAY: That's his new name, Reek.
SANSA: Why are you doing this?
RAMSAY: Because Reek has something to say to you. Don't you, Reek? (He gestures Theon over). An apology. Apologize to Lady Sansa for what you did. Apologize for murdering her two brothers.
Theon shakes his head "no" when Ramsay looks away
THEON: (After a moment, stuttering). I'm sorry.
RAMSAY: Look at her, Reek. An apology doesn't mean anything if you're not looking the person in the eye.
THEON: I'm sorry.
RAMSAY: Sorry about what?
THEON: For killing your brothers.
RAMSAY: There, over and done with. Doesn't everyone feel better? I do. That was getting very tense. Whew. (Theon turns to leave). You know what, my lady? What with him having murdered your brothers and the rest of your family gone Reek here is the nearest thing to living kin that you have left. Reek. You will give away the bride. Someone has to. What better person? Good? Good?
ROOSE: Yes, yes, very good.
RAMSAY: Wonderful. (Sips wine).
ROOSE: Walda and I have some good news as well, since we're all together.
WALDA: We're going to have a baby.
SANSA: I'm very happy for you.
ROOSE: From the way she's carrying, Maester Wolkan says it looks like a boy.
Ramsay sips some wine and angrily sets his cup down. Sansa looks at him smugly.
INT. ROOSE’S WAR ROOM
Ramsay and Roose sit at a war table.
RAMSAY: How can you be sure?
ROOSE: Sure of what?
RAMSAY: That she's pregnant. I mean how can you tell?
ROOSE: Maester Wolkan has assured us beyond all doubt.
Ramsay gets up and walks around to the other side of the table, wine in hand.
RAMSAY: So how did you manage it?
ROOSE: Manage what?
RAMSAY: Getting her pregnant.
ROOSE: I imagine you're familiar with the procedure.
RAMSAY: Of course, but how did you find it?
ROOSE: You disgraced yourself at dinner, parading that creature before the Stark girl.
RAMSAY: And if it's a boy?
ROOSE: You're worried about your position.
RAMSAY: My position is quite clear. I'm your son until a better alternative comes along.
Ramsay finished his wine and goes to get more.
ROOSE: You've never asked me about your mother.
RAMSAY: Why would I? She had me, she died. And here we are.
ROOSE: She was a peasant girl. Pretty in a common sort of way. She was the miller's wife. Apparently they had married without my knowledge or consent. So I had him hanged and I took her beneath the tree where he was swaying. She fought me the whole time. She was lucky I didn't hang her, too. A year later she came to my gates with a squalling baby in her arms. A baby she claimed was mine. I nearly had her whipped and the child thrown in the river. (Stands up). But then I looked at you and I saw then what I see now. You are my son. (After a moment). Stannis Baratheon has an army at Castle Black. But he won't stay for long. He wants the Iron Throne, and the road to King's Landing comes right through Winterfell. He means to take the North. But the North is ours. It's yours and mine. Will you help me defeat him?
RAMSAY: Yes.
CUT TO: CASTLE BLACK
INT. LIBRARY
Gilly walks through the bookshelves, examining them. Sam sits at the table reading.
GILLY: Is this every book there is?
SAM: Every book there is?
GILLY: In the world.
SAM: Well, no. There are thousands and thousands of books out there. This library is rather small, actually.
GILLY: Where you grew up, were there more books?
SAM: My father's not the most literate man. They say the Citadel has the largest library in the world.
GILLY: Where's that?
SAM: The Citadel? In Oldtown.
GILLY: I'm sorry I don't know things.
SAM: Gilly, look at me. You know how to do a hundred things I can never do. You can build a fire with wet wood. You can cook. You can stitch a wound.
GILLY: I can wash the linens. I can sweep the floor.
SAM: Well -
GILLY: Why does the Citadel have the biggest library?
SAM: It's where they train the maesters.
GILLY: Like Maester Aemon?
SAM: I wanted to be one when I was young. Instead, I became a man of the Night's Watch. Far more adventure up here anyway. I wouldn't have met you.
Stannis enters the library. Sam stands up.
SAM: Ah, Your Grace.
Gilly quickly exits.
STANNIS: You're Samwell Tarly?
SAM: I am, Your Grace.
STANNIS: Your father is Randyll Tarly. He defeated my brother at the Battle of Ashford. Only battle Robert ever lost. I told him he shouldn't go so far west so soon, but he never listened. Fine soldier, your father. You don't look like a soldier. But I'm told you killed a white walker.
SAM: I did, Your Grace.
STANNIS: How?
SAM: With a dagger made of dragonglass.
STANNIS: Dragonglass?
SAM: What the maesters call obsidian -
STANNIS: I know what it is. We have it in Dragonstone. Why would obsidian kill a walker?
SAM: I don't know. I've been going through all the old manuscripts hoping to find something, and all I've learned is that the children of the forest used to hunt with dragonglass.
STANNIS: The Lady Melisandre told me that death marches on the Wall.
SAM: I've seen it, Your Grace.
STANNIS: Seen what?
SAM: The army of the dead. And when they come -
STANNIS: We have to know how to fight them. (After a moment). Keep reading, Samwell Tarly.
Stannis leaves.
INT. DINING HALL
Davos carves away at a piece of wood. Stannis approaches him.
STANNIS: It's time.
DAVOS: Uh, Your Grace. Wouldn't it be better to wait? When Jon Snow returns with the wildlings, we could have thousands more men.
STANNIS: If Jon Snow returns with the wildlings. We can't wait that long. We have the advantage, more men, more horses, all fed and rested. But every day we wait, the odds shift in Bolton's favor. This could turn to winter at any moment. We have to act now. Give the order. We march at sunrise.
DAVOS: I'll choose a dozen men to stay and guard the queen and the princess.
STANNIS: No need, they're coming with us.
DAVOS: It's a tough road ahead, Your Grace. Won't they be safer -
STANNIS: Here? Half these watchmen are killers and rapists. No, they march with us.
They walk outside.
DAVOS: As you wish, Your Grace.
Stannis walks away. Davos spots Melisandre.
Stannis’s men prepare to ride out. Sam and Gilly watch. Gilly holds baby Sam. Olly, Edd, and some other watchmen are also shown watching.
SHIREEN: (On horseback). Do you think Father will let me go down into the crypt?
DAVOS: Beg your pardon?
SHIREEN: At Winterfell. All the Kings in the North are buried there. Bran the Builder and King Dorren and-
DAVOS: First things first. It's a long march ahead. And then we have to take the castle.
SHIREEN: Is there going to be a battle?
DAVOS: Aye, princess, but you won't be anywhere near -
SELYSE: That's enough talk of battle, Ser Davos. You'll scare the child.
DAVOS: Yes, my queen.
SHIREEN: I'm not scared.
DAVOS: Well, I am. When the battle comes, promise you'll protect me.
SHIREEN: (Smiling). I promise.
Shireen looks back at Gilly. Selyse catches her, and she looks down and away. Jon walks through the courtyard. He and Stannis meet on some stairs.
STANNIS: I hope you know what you're doing with these wildlings. I need those ships.
JON: You'll get them back, I swear it. Have a safe journey, Your Grace. And thank you.
Jon watches Stannis walk away and get on his horse. He makes eye contact with Melisandre, but she looks away. Stannis and his army begin leaving.
CUT TO: MEEREN
INT. GREY WORM’S ROOM
Missandei watches over Grey Worm. He suddenly gets up, startling her.
MISSANDEI:  You're still too weak. (He lays back down).
GREY WORM: (Valyrian) How long have I been here?
MISSANDEI: (Valyrian) Three days.
He looks at her. His face is bruised.
GREY WORM: Ser Barristan?
Missandei shakes her head.
GREY WORM: (Valyrian) I failed him. I failed my men, I failed my queen.
MISSANDEI: (Valyrian) You failed no one. You fought bravely. You’ll fight again. (In Common Tongue) Are you ashamed? You were ambushed, outnumbered. There was no way you could have known.
GREY WORM: This is not why. Wounded in war, there is no shame for this. I am ashamed because when the knife go in and I fall to the ground, I am afraid.
MISSANDEI: All men fear death.
GREY WORM: No, not death. I fear I never again see Missandei from the Island of Naath.
Missandei looks down, on the verge of tears. She gets up and lies down in the bed with him, caressing his face, and then kissing him.
INT. DAENERYS’S CHAMBERS
Missandei and Daenerys stand, talking.
MISSANDEI: Now you have given the Masters what they deserve.
DAENERYS: If I give everyone what they deserve, I'll have no one left to rule. Ser Barristan counseled mercy when I took this city right up to the morning he died. Daario Naharis thinks I should kill the former Masters and let the rest of the city fend for itself. What do you think?
MISSANDEI: Your Grace, I think that I am not fit to have an opinion on these matters.
DAENERYS: (Sitting down). You are as fit as anyone I know. You know why I'm here. And you know who will suffer the most if this all falls apart. So what do you think?
MISSANDEI: I can only tell you what I have seen, Your Grace. (Sitting down). I have seen you listen to your counselors. I have seen you lean on their experience when your own was lacking and weigh the choices they put before you. And I have seen you ignore your counselors, because there was a better choice. One that only you could see.
INT. DUNGEONS
Daenerys is led by Unsullied to a room in a dungeon. The door is opened to reveal Hizdahr. She enters, and he kneels before her.
HIZDAHR: My, my queen, please do not do this.
DAENERYS: What about "Valar Morghulis"?
HIZDAHR: I did not want to die a coward. Apparently I do not want to die at all. (Sniffles).
DAENERYS: It takes courage to admit fear. And to admit a mistake. I came here to tell you that I was wrong. I was wrong and you were right. About tradition. About bringing the people of this city together. I will reopen the fighting pits. To free men only. Slavery will never return to Meereen, not while I live.
HIZDAHR: Yes, my queen.
DAENERYS: And in order to forge a lasting bond with the Meereenese people, I will marry the leader of an ancient family. (Hizdahr nods). Thankfully a suitor is already on his knees.
Hizdahr looks surprised. Daenerys faintly smiles, and then leaves. Hizdahr is left in the cell, with the door wide open.
CUT TO: SEA
EXT. JORAH’S BOAT
Tyrion wakes up and feels his head.
TYRION: Don't worry. I'll be fine. Nothing broken, I don't think. Where are we now? Not the Rhoyne. (No response). Long, sullen silences and an occasional punch in the face. The Mormont way. Let's start over. I apologize for before. My mouth sometimes runs away from me. This doesn't have to be an unpleasant trip. We're going to be spending a lot of time together on the way to Meereen.
JORAH: We are.
TYRION: What would make our time together truly enjoyable would be some wine.
JORAH: No wine.
TYRION: I am a person who drinks. People who drink need to keep drinking. Otherwise, they're not…
Jorah stands up and looks ahead. Tyrion turns as well. A large bank of fog lies ahead of the boat.
TYRION: I know where we are. You're taking us through Valyria.
JORAH: I am.
TYRION: Have you sailed this route before?
JORAH: No.
TYRION: You're going to bring Daenerys a souvenir from her ancestral homeland in case I'm not enough?
JORAH: I think you'll be plenty.
TYRION: You know what they say. The Doom still rules Valyria. What about the demons and the flames? Aren't you afraid of the Doom?
JORAH: No. But the pirates are.
TYRION: Oh.
EXT. RIVER SURROUNDED BY WOODS
TYRION: The Smoking Sea. How many centuries before we learn how to build cities like this again? Thousands of years the Valyrians were the best in the world at almost everything. And then -
JORAH: And then they weren't.
TYRION: And then they weren't. "They held each other close and turned their backs upon the end. The hills that split asunder and the black that ate the skies; The flames that shot so high and hot that even dragons burned; Would never be the final sights that fell upon their eyes. A fly upon a wall, the waves the sea wind whipped and churned -"
JORAH: "The city of a thousand years, and all that men had learned; The Doom consumed it all alike, and neither of them turned."
TYRION: I would clap.
He holds up his bound hands. Jorah smirks.
TYRION: I suppose this is it, then. This is what remains.
They look at the approaching ruins of the city. Suddenly Tyrion spots Drogon passing overhead. He stands up. Both of them look up and watch as he passes. Behind Tyrion, someone hops in the water. Jorah hears the splash and turns to see the ripples.
TYRION: What was that?
The boat passes into a tunnel. A Stone Man jumps down into the boat from the ceiling.
JORAH: Stone Men! Don't let them touch you!
Jorah hits the stone man from behind before he gets to Tyrion. They begin fighting. Another stone man jumps into the water and begins trying to get on the boat. Tyrion tries to keep him off. Jorah manages to push the first man into the water. He then begins fighting the other one.
JORAH: Get behind!
TYRION: Mormont, cut me free! (Jorah falls into the water). Mormont!
Jorah climbs back onto the boat and fights off the stone man. He manages to get his sword and cuts the stone man. The other stone man inches his way towards Tyrion.
TYRION: Mormont! Mormont!
Jorah cuts through the stone man he was fighting and pushes him into the water. Tyrion rolls into the water to avoid the other one. He desperately tries to remove the rope around his hands. A stone man grabs his ankle and begins attempting to pull him down. The screen fades to black. After a few moments, we see Tyrion’s perspective. Jorah stands over him as his eyes slowly blink open.
EXT. SHORE
JORAH: (Faintly). Tyrion? Tyrion. Tyrion. Tyrion. You're all right.
Tyrion looks around. Jorah helps him up. He unsheathes his knife and cuts Tyrion’s binds.
JORAH: You're heavier than you look. Did any of them touch you?
TYRION: (Shakes his head). You? (Jorah shakes his head). I've seen greyscale before, but nothing like that.
JORAH: I suppose that's why they send them there.
TYRION: It'd be kinder to put daggers in their hearts and be done with it. (Jorah spits). Thank you for saving me. Of course, I wouldn't have needed saving if you hadn't kidnapped me in the first place. (Jorah gets up). So what now?
JORAH: We walk, up the coast. With luck, we'll find a fishing village. Maybe another boat.
TYRION: Without luck?
JORAH: We've got a long walk ahead of us. I'll get some wood for a fire. Try to get some rest, huh?
TYRION: That's the best idea you've had all day.
Jorah walks away. After looking out for a moment, he stops, and pulls up his sleeve. He examines his wrist, which has the beginnings of greyscale. After a moment, he begins walking again.
Arya cleans, washes, and covers three different bodies. Two Faceless Men come in to carry the body away. Arya tries to follow them but the waif closes and locks the door.
ARYA: What are they doing with the bodies?
WAIF: Get back to work.
ARYA: No! I’ve been here for weeks. I’m not scrubbing one more corpse until you tell me why I’m doing it.
WAIF: You will know why.
ARYA: When?
WAIF: When it’s time. Not before. Get back to work.
ARYA: When do I get to play the game?
WAIF: Game?
ARYA: The game. The game of faces.
WAIF: You tried already. You failed.
ARYA: I didn’t even know I was playing.
WAIF: Who are you?
ARYA: No one.
WAIF: Get back to work.
ARYA: Well who are you? What are you doing here? How’d you get here?
WAIF: I’m from Westeros. Just like you. Daughter of a Lord. Just like you. Except I was an only child. Heir to his fortune. My mother died. My father remarried and his new wife gave birth to a girl. My stepmother didn’t want any rivals for her precious daughter so she tried to kill me with poison. I found out, sought help from the Faceless Men and my father was widowed again. I’ve been serving them ever since.
beat
WAIF: Was that true or a lie?
ARYA: What?
WAIF: Did you believe every word I said?
Arya is unsure.
WAIF: Get back to work.
Arya is asleep.
JAQEN: Who are you?
Arya wakes up and turns to him.
JAQEN: Who are you?
ARYA: Arya.
JAQEN: And where did you come from?
ARYA: Westeros. My family home is Winterfell. I’m the youngest daughter of a great lord. Eddard Stark. He died in battle.
Jaqen hits Arya with a stick.
JAQEN: A lie.
ARYA: After he was executed I fled the capital. Had to kill a stable boy. Drove my sword through his back.
Jaqen hits her again.
JAQEN: A lie.
ARYA: I stabbed him in the gut. I tried to find my mother and brother. I never did. They were murdered by Walder Frey. An outlaw kidnapped me. A man called Polliver.
Jaqen hits her.
JAQEN: A lie.
ARYA: A man called the Hound. Sandor Clegane. He tried to sell me but was wounded in a fight. He begged me to kill him but I wouldn’t. I left him in the mountains to die. I wanted him to suffer, I hated him.
Jaqen hits her.
ARYA: I hated him.
Jaqen hits her.
ARYA: I hated him!
Jaqen hits her again.
ARYA: That’s not a lie!
JAQEN: The girl lies. To me. To the Many Faced God. To herself. Does she truly want to be no one?
ARYA: Yes.
Jaqen hits her. Arya starts bleeding from the mouth.
ARYA: I’m not playing this stupid game anymore!
JAQEN: We never stop playing.
Jaqen exits the room.
EXT. SHORE
Jorah inspects the Grey Scale then covers it up.
TYRION: So, those villages we were supposed to find. We can’t live on berries and roots.
JORAH: I can.
TYRION: You’re not hungry?
JORAH: Of course I’m hungry.
TYRION: You’re an awful travelling companion, do you know that? Possibly the least charming man I have ever met.
JORAH: I am not your travelling companion.
TYRION: We are travelling together. In each other’s company. Therefore…
JORAH: Do you ever shut up?
TYRION: I sailed from King’s Landing to Pentos in a crate. Without ever saying a word.
Jorah sits down next to Tyrion.
JORAH: Why?
TYRION: Never occurred to you to ask why until now? You never wondered why Tyrion Lannister decided to visit a brothel in Volantis.
JORAH: I’m sure you’ve visited many brothels in many cities.
TYRION: I killed my father. He wanted to execute me for a crime I didn’t commit. And he was fucking the woman I loved.
Jorah gets up.
TYRION: As miserable as you are, Mormont, at least your father was a good man.
JORAH: What do you know about my father?
TYRION: I met him. I visited the Wall. When I asked him about his men he knew all the stories, every one of them. He actually cared about the people in his command. How did they put it in the Watch? “We shall never see his like again.”
Jorah looks stunned.
TYRION: You didn’t know. I’m sorry. I am.
JORAH: How?
TYRION: I only know what I heard
JORAH (stronger): How?
TYRION: He was leading an expedition beyond the wall. There was a mutiny. He was murdered by his own men.
JORAH: We better keep moving.
He gets up and walks away, then Tyrion.
INT. HOUSE OF BLACK AND WHITE
Arya is scrubbing the floor. A man carries a young girl in and sets her by the pool. He walks over to Arya and she stops scrubbing.
MAN: Valar morghulis.
ARYA: Valar dohaeris.
MAN: I have nowhere else to go. I’ve taken her to every healer in Braavos. I’ve spent every penny I had. She suffers every day of her life. I just want it to end.
Arya looks the man in the eyes then walks over to the girl.
GIRL: It hurts.
ARYA: I know. Don’t be afraid. I used to be like you. I was sick. I was dying. But my father never gave up on me. He loved me. More than anything in the world, just like your father loves you. So he brought me here. My father prayed to the many faced god. And I drank the water from this fountain. It healed me.
Arya fills a cup with the water.
ARYA: I’ve devoted my life to him now. You don’t want to hurt anymore. Drink.
The girl takes a sip. Jaqen watches from afar.
Arya fixes the dead girl’s hair. Jaqen walks in from the door Arya was trying to open earlier and leads her in. Arya follows him down a staircase lit by fire.
Arya looks up and sees the room is filled with columns containing the faces of the dead. She walks through the room, examining the faces.
JAQEN: Is the girl ready to give up her ears, her nose, her tongue, her hopes and dreams, her loves and hates, all that makes a girl who she is, forever?
JAQEN: No. The girl is not ready to become no one. But she is ready to become someone else.
EXT. COUNTRYSIDE
TYRION: Why Daenerys? Why is she worth all this? As I recall, the Mormonts fought against the Targaryens during Robert’s Rebellion.
JORAH: Do you believe in anything?
TYRION: I believe in many things.
JORAH: In something greater than ourselves, I mean. The Gods. Destiny. Do you believe there's a plan for this world?
TYRION: No.
JORAH: Neither did I. I was a cynic, just like you. Then I saw a girl step into a great fire with three stone eggs. When the fire burned out I thought I’d find her blackened bones. Instead I found her. Daenerys. Alive and unhurt. Holding her baby dragons. Have you ever heard baby dragons singing?
TYRION: No.
JORAH: It's hard to be a cynic after that.
TYRION: Doesn’t mean she’s going to be a great queen.
JORAH: No it doesn’t.
TYRION: The Targaryens are famously insane. What if she conquers the world? Then what? 1,000 years of peace and prosperity?
JORAH: First we have to conquer the world.
TYRION: We? Alright, let’s assume your dreams come true. She’s ecstatic when you bring her this enemy dwarf. She hacks off my head and restores your position. You command her army, sail to Westeros, defeat all your enemies, then watch as she climbs those steps and sits on the Iron Throne. Hurrah, long live the Queen. Then what?
JORAH: Then she rules.
TYRION: So a woman who has not spent a single day of her adult life in Westeros becomes the ruler of Westeros? That’s justice?
JORAH: She is the rightful heir.
TYRION: Why, because her father who burned living men for amusement was the king?
Jorah sees a ship anchored in the middle of the sea and pushes Tyrion behind a rock.
JORAH: Shh! It’s a slave ship
TYRION: Why is it anchored?
JORAH: They probably came ashore for--
MALKO: --water.
Malko and his men, all carrying swords, surround Tyrion and Jorah, smiling.
Tyrion and Jorah’s hands are tied. Malko punches Jorah in the face. He gets up.
MALKO: Got a lot of fight in you, huh?
Malko punches Jorah again.
SLAVER: Salt mines.
MALKO: That or a galley slave. He looks strong enough.
SLAVER: What about the dwarf?
MALKO: Worthless. Cut his throat.
The slaver’s man approaches Tyrion.
TYRION: Wait, wait! Wait, wait, wait, let’s discuss this!
MALKO: And then chop off his cock. We can sell it for a fortune. A dwarf’s cock has magic powers.
The slaver puts his sword to Tyrion’s throat.
TYRION: Wait, wait, wait, wait! You can’t just hand a dried cock to a merchant and expect him to pay for it. He has to know it came from a dwarf. And how could he know unless he sees the dwarf?
SLAVER: It will be a dwarf-sized cock.
TYRION: Guess again.
Tyrion looks to Malko.
MALKO: The dwarf lives until we find a cock merchant.
The slavers get Jorah and Tyrion to their feet.
JORAH: Queen Daenerys has outlawed slavery.
MALKO: We’re bound to Volantis, not Slaver’s Bay. Besides, she reopened the fighting pits. I never heard of free men fighting in the pits.
TYRION: The fighting puts in Mereen! You’re in luck then, you’re about to be rich. You are looking at one of the great warriors in the seven kingdoms.
Malko looks at Tyrion and laughs.
TYRION: (looks at Jorah) Him.
MALKO: Him? He’s got to be 60 years old.
TYRION: Sure, he’s a bit long in the tooth, a bit withered, been in the sun too long. We can all see that. But he is a veteran of 100 battles. They wrote songs about him!
Malko gestures to his men to bring Jorah closer.
Malko: Is that true?
Jorah nods.
TYRION: He won the tournament at Lannisport, unseating Ser Jaime Lannister himself.
Malko shakes his head and laughs.
TYRION: The Kingslayer!
MALKO: Jousting. You’re talking about jousting. A fancy game for fancy lads. The men who fight at Mereen will swallow him whole.
JORAH: I killed a Dothraki blood rider in single combat.
Malko jumps up, shocked, and gets in Jorah’s face.
MALKO: Liar.
JORAH: It’s no lie. His name was Qotho. He was bloodrider to Khal Drogo. Take me to Slaver’s Bay, put a sword in my hand, I’ll prove my worth.
Malko looks in his eyes, smiles, then nods.
Littlefinger walks by the Faith Militant.
LANCEL: Lord Baelish.
BAELISH: Yes? (Lancel approaches him) Lancel Lannister.
LANCEL: Brother Lancel. We abandoned our family names.
BAELISH: That’s quite a family to abandon.
LANCEL: The city has changed since you were here last. We flooded the gutters with wine, smashed the false idols, and sent the godless on the run.
BAELISH: Well done.
He tries to walk past Lancel. Lancel puts his hand on Baelish’s shoulder and stops him.
BAELISH: I’m here on urgent business for the Queen Mother. Should I send word that I’ll be delayed?
Lancel lets go.
LANCEL: Step carefully, Lord Baelish. You’ll find that there’s little tolerance for flesh peddlers in the new King’s Landing.
BAELISH: We both peddle fantasies, Brother Lancel. Mine just happen to be entertaining.
INT. CERSEI’S ROOM
BAELISH: Do you think it’s wise, your Grace, arresting the heir to Highgarden?
CERSEI: The Faith arrested the heir to Highgarden.
BAELISH: Of course. And the Faith were armed on your orders.
CERSEI: The King’s orders. Is the King to blame for Ser Loras’ perversion?
BAELISH: House Tyrell won’t tolerate these insults.
CERSEI: House Tyrell won’t tolerate it? I’m the insulted party, Lord Baelish. Ser Loras was promised to me, instead he chose the company of boys.
BAELISH: One’s choice of companion is a curious thing.
Cersei is silent for a moment.
CERSEI: Most curious. Lysa Arryn for instance. A sorrily repellent woman. Forgive me. I know you’re still in mourning.
BAELISH: Lysa was a good woman. A kind woman.
CERSEI: She was neither of those things, we both know it. Still, I pity her son. How fortunate that the young Lord of the Vale has a new father to counsel him.
BAELISH: I know how hard it can be to lose both of your parents at such a young age.
CERSEI: If war comes to Westeros will the Knights of the Veil fight for their king?
BAELISH: Young Lord Robyn heeds my advice. And I have always counseled loyalty to the throne.
CERSEI: Good. (Cersei gets up) If there’s nothing else.
BAELISH: There is another matter, your Grace. Something so urgent I couldn’t trust the words to a raven. You once charged me with finding Arya Stark. To my shame I failed you. But I have found Sansa Stark. Alive, and well, and home again. In Winterfell.
CERSEI: That’s not possible.
BAELISH: My sources are well placed. They tell me Roose Bolton plans to marry her to his son, Ramsay, a bastard recently legitimized by King Tommen.
CERSEI: Roose Bolton is Warden of the North by the grace of my father.
BAELISH: Indeed. As reward for stabbing his own king in the heart.
CERSEI: We were fools to trust a turncloak.
BAELISH: Marrying his son to the last of the Starks gives him more legitimacy in the North than an alliance with a hated southern house.
CERSEI: I will skin him and his bastard like that wretch on that bloody sigil.
BAELISH: I would counsel patience, your grace.
CERSEI: Patience? Sansa helped murder my son, Roose Bolton is a traitor.
BAELISH: Stannis Baratheon is also a traitor, marching with his army on Winterfell. Let Stannis and Roose battle, let the enemies of the throne slaughter each other and when they’re done seize Winterfell from whichever thief survives.
CERSEI: Winterfell is 1,000 miles away from here. The weather has already begun to turn.
BAELISH: That is why it is critical to strike soon, while the victor still licks his wounds. Surely your Uncle Kevan could muster a force.
CERSEI: My Uncle Kevan has all the courage of a kitchen mouse.
BAELISH: Ser Jaime, then.
CERSEI: Jaime is away on a sensitive diplomatic mission. I’ve no idea when he’ll be back.
BAELISH: Perhaps I can help. The Knights of the Vale are some of the best fighters in Westeros, trained to battle in the ice and the snow.
CERSEI: Forgive me Lord Baelish, you have a reputation as a money lender and brothel keeper, not a military man.
BAELISH: You wouldn’t risk a single Lannister soldier or a single coin from the Royal Treasury. What do you have to lose, a brothel keeper?
CERSEI: And if you succeed?
BAELISH: Name me Warden of the North.
CERSEI: I’ll speak to the king this evening. Have him issue a royal decree.
BAELISH: I’ll not rest until the lion flies over Winterfell.
CERSEI: And I’ll l know you’re a man of your word when I see Sansa Stark’s head on a spike.
BAELISH: As I said. I live to serve.
Trystane puts a flower in Myrcella’s hair.
TRYSTANE: I’m going to ask him tomorrow.
MYRCELLA: What if he says no?
TRYSTANE: He won’t. You’ve waited long enough. I want you to be my wife now. What is it?
MYRCELLA: Do you want to marry me because our families arranged it, or do you…
Trystane kisses her in the middle of the sentence. Myrcella pushes him off.
MYRCELLA: We can’t. Not yet.
TRYSTANE: Why not?
MYRCELLA: You know why not. Someone will see.
TRYSTANE: You are going to be my wife. I am going to be your husband. We are allowed to walk through the gardens together.
MYRCELLA: How many other girls have you walked through these gardens?
TRYSTANE: I like the way your eyes go squinty when you’re jealous.
MYRCELLA: They don’t go squinty, and you didnt answer the question.
Cut to Doran and Areo on the balcony.
DORAN: They make a lovely couple. A Lannister and a Martell. They have no idea how dangerous that is. We must protect them.
AREO: Yes, my prince.
DORAN: You have not had to use that axe of yours in a very long time. I hope you remember how.
AREO: I remember how.
BRONN (singing): The Dornishman’s wife was as fair as the sun and her kisses were warmer than spring. The Dornishman’s blade it was made of black steel and its kiss was a terrible thing. The Dornishman’s wife would sing as she bathed in a voice that was sweet as a peach...
JAIME: Alright, thats enough.
BRONN: I’m coming to the best part.
JAIME: We’re trying to blend in. We don’t want everyone in Dorne to hear your accent.
BRONN: This song really is all about the ending.
JAIME: It can wait. Up there.
He spots a line of Dornishmen walking towards the Water Gardens.
JAIME: That’s the Water Gardens.
BRONN: Once we got the princess, then what?
JAIME: I like to improvise.
BRONN: That explains the golden hand.
Jaime and Bronn ride in behind common folk carrying meat and other goods. They break off from the pack.
INT. SHADOWY ROOM
ELLARIA: Unbowed, unbent, unbroken. For Oberyn.
SAND SNAKES: For Oberyn.
They storm towards the Water Gardens as Ellaria watches.
EXT. WATER GARDENS
Jamie and Bronn converge on Myrcella and Trystane as the Sand Snakes approach. They see the two kissing.
BRONN: Well, she’s made herself at home.
They walk over.
JAIME: Myrcella.
They stop kissing.
MYRCELLA: Uncle Jaime? I don’t understand, what are you doing here?
JAIME: Let’s speak in private.
TRYSTANE: I am Trystane Martell.
MYRCELLA: Trystane is my intended.
JAIME: Excellent. Good to meet you.
Jaime shakes hands with Trystane with his good hand.
TRYSTANE: We weren’t expecting you, Ser Jaime.
Bronn advances.
BRONN: Why don’t you let them have some time alone, son?
Trystane inspects Bronn’s armor, looking for a sigil.
BRONN: Let’s not do something stupid.
Trystane reaches for his sword and Bronn punches him across the face, knocking him out.
MYRCELLA: No!
BRONN: That was something stupid.
JAIME: We have to go, Myrcella, now.
MYRCELLA: You hurt him!
JAIME: You’ll be fine, I promise, but we have to--
A whip wraps around Jaime’s wrist. The Sand Snakes are here.
BRONN: Oh for fuck’s sake.
The Sand Snakes attack Jaime and Bronn, one wielding a spear, one wielding a whip, and one wielding a pair of daggers. They occupy Bronn and Jaime long enough for Obara to get to Myrcella.
OBARA: You’re coming with me.
MYRCELLA: I don’t want to!
OBARA: I wasn’t asking, princess.
Obara starts taking Myrcella out of the gardens. A Sand Snake cuts Bronn’s arm open. Areo and his men meet Obara as she escapes.
AREO: Drop you weapons!
The rest of Areo’s men surround the Sand Snakes, Bronn, and Jaime.
OBARA: I am Obara Sand. Daughter of Oberyn Martell. I fight for Dorne. Who do you fight for?
AREO: Drop your weapons!
The Snakes drop their weapons. Jaime stares down Areo, sword still in hand. Areo puts his axe to Jaime’s neck.
AREO: When you were whole, it would have been a good fight.
Jaime drops the sword, Areo’s men grab him. Bronn drops his sword.
BRONN (to Snake): You fight pretty good for a little girl.
She screams at Bronn and is restrained by Areo’s men. They are all escorted away. The rest of Areo’s men corner Elaria in the room outside the Gardens.
EXT. THE KINGSROAD
A carriage rides on the outskirts of King’s Landing.
RIDER: Halt!
Cut to inside the carriage.
OLENNA: Oh! You can smell the shit from 5 miles away. Well, why are we stopped, go on.
OLENNA: Rumors and gossip, that’s all they got. It’s theater, nothing more. If they arrested all the pillow biters in King’s Landing there’d be no room left in the dungeons for anyone else.
MARGAERY: Everyone knew about him and Renly.
OLENNA: Renly Baratheon shagged half the stable boys in the Seven Kingdoms. Everyone knew. No one cared.
MARGAERY: But he was the king’s brother.
OLENNA: And Loras is the queen’s brother. No, no, no, no, this is unacceptable.
MARGAERY: Cersei is behind this.
OLENNA: Of course she is. She wants to drag our names through the dirt. Put us in our place. Get some rest, dear, you look appalling. Let me deal with Cersei Lannister.
INT. CERSEI’S ROOM
Cersei writes at her desk without acknowledging Olenna.
OLENNA: Your Grace, I have travelled a long way.
CERSEI: You must be exhausted.
OLENNA: Put the pen down, dear, we all know you aren’t writing anything.
CERSEI: Ah, yes, the famously tart-tongued queen of thorns.
OLENNA: And the famous tart Queen Cersei.
CERSEI: Beg your pardon.
OLENNA: I know you’re behind this absurd incarceration of my grandson.
CERSEI: If you apologize for that comment perhaps--
OLENNA: You’ll get your apology when I get Loras.
CERSEI: I was as shocked as anyone when The Faith arrested Ser Loras. I have no love for these fanatics. But what can the queen mother do?
OLENNA: Has the crown suddenly stopped needing the troops, gold, and wheat my house supplies?
CERSEI: I assure you our alliance with House Tyrell remains--
OLENNA: Do you expect the alliance to continue after you’ve thrown our future into prison?
CERSEI: As I said, i didn’t imprison anyone. As for your veiled threats--
OLENNA: What veil?
CERSEI: The Lannister-Tyrell alliance brought peace to a war-torn country. Do you really want to see the Seven Kingdoms slide back into warfare?
OLENNA: I didn’t trust your father. I didn’t particularly like him. But I respected him. He was no fool. He understood that sometimes we must work with our rivals rather than destroy them.
CERSEI: House Lannister has no rival. The High Septon has called for an inquest, not a trial. Just a small hearing to determine whether the charges against Loras have merit, which I’m sure they don’t. Loras will be freed, our happy alliance will continue, and we’ll forget this unfortunate conversation ever happened. Good day, Lady Olenna.
INT. HIGH SEPTON’S ROOM
HIGH SPARROW: You are aware of the rumors concerning you and Renly?
LORAS: I don’t pay attention to rumors.
SPARROW: You were said to be despondent when he died. Witnesses said that you refused to leave his bedside, even as Stannis’ army closed in
LORAS: He was my friend. He was my king.
SPARROW: Wasn’t Joffrey your king? He was anointed by the 7, not Renly.
LORAS: I was wrong to support Renly’s claim. I know that. But I was forgiven by Joffrey. I fought for him at the Battle of the Blackwater.
SPARROW: Wearing Renly’s armor.
LORAS: Why does it matter what I wore?
SPARROW: Do you deny all of the charges against you? Fornication, buggery, blasphemy.
LORAS: Of course I deny them.
SPARROW: You never lay with Renly Baratheon.
LORAS: Never.
SPARROW: Nor any other man.
LORAS: Never.
SPARROW: That will be all Ser Loras.
Loras walks back to his seat.
OLENNA: Well I think that’s quite enough of that.
SPARROW: Faith calls Queen Margaery forward.
MARGAERY: You call me forward?
SPARROW: Yes. We have some questions for you.
MARGAERY: I am the queen.
SPARROW: You are. And according to Law of the Seven, neither kings nor queens are exempt from testimony at a holy inquest.
Margaery walks to the stand.
SPARROW: How do you respond to these charges against your brother?
MARGAERY: They are lies.
SPARROW: All of them?
MARGAERY: All of them.
SPARROW: Queen Margaery, in the presence of the gods, do you swear that your brother is innocent of these charges against him, to the best of your knowledge?
MARGAERY: Yes, I swear it.
SPARROW: Thank you, your grace.
The Faith brings Olyvar in. Loras looks shocked. Cersei gives a thin smile.
SPARROW: Do you know this man?
OLYVAR: Yes, very well. He is Ser Loras Tyrell, heir to Highgarden.
SPARROW: How did you come to meet?
OLYVAR: I squired for him. He took a liking to me. He summoned me to his chamber the first day we met.
SPARROW: And what occurred in his chamber?
OLYVAR: We engaged in intimate relations.
SPARROW: You laid with him?
OLYVAR: That night and many others.
LORAS: Liar! He’s a liar!
SPARROW: Is there anyone else who can support your claim?
OLYVAR: Yes, yes, Queen Margaery. She walked in on us once not long ago. She didn’t seem surprised.
CERSEI: This testimony is an insult to a great house. Why should The Faith or anyone else take the word of a squire over the heir to Highgarden?
OLYVAR: He has a birthmark, your grace. Quite high on his thigh, wine-colored, and roughly the shape of Dorne.
Loras jumps at Olyvar and The Faith restrains him. Margaery and Olenna get up to leave and The Faith blocks their way.
LORAS: Liar!
OLENNA: What are you doing? Let us pass.
SPARROW: The Faith is satisfied that there is enough evidence to bring a formal trial for Ser Loras... and Queen Margaery.
MARGAERY: What?
SPARROW: Bearing false witness before the gods is as grave a sin as any. Take her.
The Faith grabs her and carries her out of the room.
MARGAERY: Tommen! Tommen!
King Tommen looks around the room, unsure of what to do.
MARGAERY: You can’t do this, I am the queen! Tommen, Tommen! I am your queen, how dare you!
Olenna glares at Cersei. Cersei smiles back.
Sansa looks at herself in the mirror. She hears a knock and opens the door. It's Myranda.
SANSA: What do you want?
MYRANDA: Lord Ramsay sent me to draw your bath, my lady. You want to be clean and fresh for your new husband don’t you?
Cut to Sansa in the bath. Myranda washes the black dye out of Sansa’s hair.
MYRANDA: You’re so beautiful. But if you need to keep him happy. Ramsay gets bored easily. You dont want to end up like... Well, like the others.
SANSA: What others?
MYRANDA: I shouldn’t gossip. It’s good to see the red again. No point in hiding anymore.
SANSA: What others?
MYRANDA: Let’s see. There was Kiera. The blacksmith’s daughter. She was tall. Like you. Lovely figure. But she talked and talked and talked and… Ramsay got tired of that. Then there was Violet. She had gorgeous blond hair. But she got pregnant and, well, that was boring. Then Tamsay. Such a sweet girl. Of course sweet girls get a bit dull after a while, don’t they? Ramsay let me come with him on that hunt.
SANSA: Hunt?
MYRANDA: Mm. Have you ever seen a body after the dogs have been at it? Not so pretty. But it’s your wedding day, why am I talking about such things?
SANSA: What was your name again?
MYRANDA: Myranda.
SANSA: And how long have you loved him, Myranda. Did you imagine that he would be with you forever, is that it? Then I came along and ruined it. I am Sansa Stark of Winterfell. This is my home and you can’t frighten me.
MYRANDA: Are you done with your bath, my lady?
SANSA: Go. I can finish on my own.
Snow falls outside. There is a knock on the door.
SANSA: Yes?
INT. SANSA’S ROOM
Theon enters.
THEON: I’ve come to escort you to the Godswood, my lady. If you please, my lady, will you take my arm?
SANSA: No.
THEON: Lord Ramsay, he said I'm to take your arm.
SANSA: I’m not touching you.
THEON: Please. He’ll punish me.
SANSA: Do you think I care what he does to you.
Sansa leaves the room without Theon.
EXT. THE GODSWOOD
Sansa walks to the Godswood with Theon. Ramsay is waiting alongside his father and with the Bolton men forming an aisle. Roose walks forward.
ROOSE: Who comes before the Old Gods this night?
THEON: Sansa of the House Stark comes here to be wed. A woman grown, trueborn and noble. She comes to beg the blessings of the gods. Who comes to claim her?
Ramsay steps forward.
RAMSAY: Ramsay of House Bolton. Heir to the Dreadfort and Winterfell. Who gives her?
THEON: Theon of House Greyjoy. Who was… who was her father’s ward.
ROOSE: Lady Sansa, will you take this man?
Long pause. Cut to Ramsay, Walda, and Myranda. Sansa steps forward.
SANSA: I take this man.
Ramsay smiles.
INT. RAMSAY’S CHAMBERS
Theon opens the door for Ramsay and Sansa.
RAMSAY: Are you pleased my lady?
Sansa nods.
RAMSAY: Good. I want you to be happy. My father said you’re still a virgin.
SANSA: Yes.
RAMSAY: Why? Why are you still a virgin? Afraid of dwarves?
SANSA: Lord Tyrion was kind, he was gentle, he never touched me.
RAMSAY: You’re not lying to me?
SANSA: No, my lord.
RAMSAY: Lying to your husband on his wedding night, that would be a very bad way to start a marriage. We are man and wife now, we should be honest with each other, don’t you think?
SANSA: Yes sir.
Ramsay kisses her.
RAMSAY: Good. Now take off your clothes.
Theon starts to leave.
RAMSAY: Oh, no no no. You stay here Reek. You watch. (to Sansa) Do I need to ask a second time? I hate asking a second time.
Sansa starts to undo her coat. Theon closes the door.
RAMSAY: Reek? I told you to watch.
Theon looks up.
RAMSAY: You’ve known Sansa since she was a girl. Now watch her become a woman.
Ramsay rips Sansa’s coat open and pushes her onto the bed. We hear clothes ripping. A belt being undone. Sansa starts moaning. Close up on Theon crying.
END EPISODE
EXT. CASTLE BLACK
Men of the Night’s Watch prepare the horses as snow falls on Castle Black. Thormund is brought before Jon. Jon looks at him, nods, and  a Brother removes Tormund’s chains. Thormund raises his free hands to Ser Alliser in the distance and is carried away. Jon walks over to Alliser.
JON: First Ranger, you have command of Castle Black.
ALLISER: Lord Commander, it is my duty to tell you I believe this mission to be reckless, foolhardy, and an insult to all of the Brothers that have died fighting the wildlings.
Cut to Olly watching their conversation from afar.
JON: As always, thank you for your honesty.
Jon walks away to Sam.
SAM: Safe travels, Lord Commander.
JON: Thank you, Sam.
SAM: Oh, and…
Sam hands him a wrapped package. Jon opens it to find a sword.
SAM: It’s Dragonglass. It’s what I used to kill the White Walker. I hope you don’t need them.
JON: Me too.
They hug. Jon gets on a horse next to Tormund and rides away.
AEMON: There he is. That laugh. Egg! Egg laughed like that. One of the first things I remember about him.
Gilly looks at Sam, confused.
SAM: His little brother, Aegon. He became king.
AEMON: And before that, he was a jolly fellow. Like this one.
Aemon’s mood changes, he suddenly becomes panicked.
AEMON: Get him south, Gillyflower. Before it’s too late.
Theon carries a food plate across the hall. He arrives at a door and unlocks it.
INT. SANSA’S ROOM
Sansa is sleeping. Theon approaches and closes a window, waking Sansa.
SANSA: Theon, wait.
THEON: Not Theon, my lady. Reek.
Sansa sits up in bed, revealing cuts and bruises along her arms.
SANSA: Help me.
THEON: You’re his wife now.
SANSA: Theon
THEON: Do what he says. Do what he says or he’ll hurt you.
SANSA: He already hurts me every night. All day I’m locked in this room and every night he comes. It can’t be worse.
THEON: It can. It can always be worse.
Sansa stands up.
SANSA: What did he do to you?
THEON: Please…
Theon goes for the door. Sansa runs to the door and blocks him from leaving.
SANSA: You betrayed my family!
THEON: I’m sorry. I’m sorry!
SANSA: You have to help me!
THEON: He’ll see us. You don’t know him.
SANSA: My family still has friends in the North. All I have to do is give a signal and they’ll rescue me. Climb to the top of the Broken Tower, light this candle, and put it in the window. Promise me, Theon.
THEON: Reek, my lady, Reek!
SANSA: Your name is Theon Greyjoy. Last surviving son of Balon Greyjoy, Lord of the Iron Islands, do you hear me? Theon. Promise me.
Theon hesitates, nods, and exits the room.
EXT. WINTERFELL
Theon walks across Winterfell with the Broken Tower in the background.
Theon climbs the stairs to the top floor. He opens the door to see Ramsay eating.
RAMSAY: Yes, Reek?
EXT. OUTSIDE WINTERFELL
Brienne stares at the top floor of the Broken Tower from beyond the walls of Winterfell.
Close-up on a candle, then Gilly’s baby.
AEMON: Egg! Egg! Mothers looking for you! Egg!
GILLY: Get some sleep, Sam. You’ll have to speak for him tomorrow.
SAM: You don’t know that.
GILLY: Get some sleep. I’ll watch over him.
SAM: I’ll stay too. He’s always been good to me. I can’t leave him now.
AEMON (panicked): Egg! Egg.. I dreamed... that I was old
EXT. CASTLE BLACK
Close up on Maester Aemon’s funeral pyre.
SAM: His name was Aemon Targaryen. He came to us from King’s Landing, a Maester of the Citadel, chained and sworn. And a sworn brother of the Night’s Watch, ever faithful. No man was wiser or gentler or kinder. At the Wall a dozen Lord Commanders came and went during his years of service, but he was always there to counsel them. He was the blood of the dragon, but now his fire has gone out. And now his watch has ended.
BROTHERS: And now his watch has ended.
Sam lights the pyre, then hands the torch to Alliser, who lights it then passes it along.
ALLISER: You’re losing all your friends, Tarly.
Sam looks up to see a Brother glaring at him.
EXT. WINTERFELL
Sansa walks up to Ramsay.
RAMSAY: My beautiful wife.
He kisses her.
RAMSAY: When my father told me we were marrying I half expected a fat, bearded beast. Do you know how pleased I was when I saw you? You’ve made me very happy.
They start walking down stairs. Sansa grabs a cross in the snow before they leave.
RAMSAY: Our scouts report that Stannis Baratheon rides for Winterfell. He’s a respected commander. His troops are loyal and battle tested. He’s hired thousands of foreign sell swords to bolster his army. But this storm was a stroke of luck for us northerners. Our people are used to fighting in frost. His army’s out there now, suffering in the snow. One day I’ll be Lord of Winterfell, and Warden of the North. You’ll be my Lady and Wardeness.
SANSA: But isn’t your step mother pregnant?
RAMSAY: What of it?
SANSA: What happens if she has a boy?
RAMSAY: Then I’ll have a baby brother.
SANSA: But he’ll be the heir.
RAMSAY: I’m Lord Bolton’s eldest son.
SANSA: But you’re a bastard, a true born will always have the stronger claim.
Ramsay stops walking.
RAMSAY: I’ve been naturalized by a royal decree of--
SANSA: Tommen Baratheon. Another bastard.
They start walking again.
RAMSAY: Bastards can rise high in the world. Like your half-brother Jon Snow. Born The Bastard of Winterfell, now the Lord Commander of the Night’s Watch.
Sansa looks shocked.
RAMSAY: You didn’t know? Yes, he’s done very well for himself. Ah. I near forgot why I asked you to join me. Come, my lady.
EXT. WINTERFELL
The woman who visited Sansa’s chamber previously is out in the open, flayed to death.
RAMSAY: Your Northern friend. Reek told me you wanted to leave.
Cut to Theon looking terrified.
RAMSAY: Why? Winterfell is your home and I am your husband.
Sansa continues to look at the woman, horrified.
RAMSAY: Tough old bird. Everyone talks when I start beating them. But this one. Her heart gave out before I got to her face. We do breed them tough in the North. Bring my wife back to her chamber. It’s far too cold out here for a lady. You should hold on to your candles. The nights are so long now.
He kisses her on the cheek then she is carried away.
EXT. STANNIS’ CAMP
Davos rides through the camp on horseback, observing the men as they cough and huddle around each other. The snow is falling hard.
DAVOS: 40 horses died in the night. We’ll lose more come sunset. We’re running out of food. We can’t open the supply line until the snow clears.
STANNIS: What else?
DAVOS: The Stormcrows rode off last night.
STANNIS: 500 men.
Davos nods. Stannis removes a Baratheon piece from his chess board.
STANNIS: Sell swords, loyal to nothing but gold.
DAVOS: We still have a hard march to Wintefell and we won’t be marching anywhere in this weather.
STANNIS: And?
DAVOS: This isn’t our time, we should head back to Castle Black when the snow clears.
STANNIS: I retreated from King’s Landing, Ser Davos. If I retreat again, I become “The King Who Ran.”
DAVOS: Your Grace..
STANNIS: Winter is coming. Those arent just the Stark words, it’s a fact. If we march back to Castle Black, we winter at Castle Black. And who can say how many years this winter will last.
DAVOS: It’s better to wait for the right time than to risk everything.
STANNIS: This is the right time, and I will risk everything. Because if I don't, we’ve lost. We march to victory or we march to defeat, but we go forward only forward,
Davos looks to Melisandre, lurking in the back of the tent.
DAVOS: Your Grace. (leaves)
STANNIS (to Melisandre): I’ve trusted in your visions, in your prophecies for years.
MELISANDRE: You saw it yourself, my king, when you stared into the flames. A great battle in the snow.
STANNIS: I don’t know what I saw.
MELISANDRE: You do know. Trust yourself.
STANNIS: And you, do you trust yourself?
MELISANDRE: I trust in the Lord.
STANNIS: Are you sure?
MELISANDRE: I have seen myself walk along the battlements of Wintefell. I have seen the flayed men banners lowered to the ground.
She flips the Bolton pieces over on Stannis’ board.
MELISANDRE: But sometimes sacrifices must be made to ensure victory. I have shown you the power of king's blood. The Usurper Robb Stark. The Usurper Joffrey Baratheon.
STANNIS: We don’t have Robert’s bastard here.
MELISANDRE: No, we have someone better, and your blood runs through her veins.
STANNIS: Have you lost your mind?
MELISANDRE: Do you doubt me still? After all that you’ve seen?
STANNIS: There must be another way. Leeches or something.
MELISANDRE: There is only one way. You must become king before the Long Night begins. Only you can lead the living against the dead. All your life has led us to this moment. To this decision.
STANNIS: She’s my daughter.
Melisandre embraces him.
STANNIS: Get out.
Gilly washes clothes. Two Brothers walk into the room.
DERRYK: The beauty from beyond The Wall.
Gilly starts walking away.
BRAND: Where are you going, huh? Aren’t we better looking than the fat man?
DERRYK: The question is, is she pretty down south in the real world, or is she pretty because she’s the only girl here?
BRAND: Even in White Harbor, I’d want a kiss.
DERRYK: Come on love, give us a kiss.
GILLY: Leave me alone.
DERRYK: If you were my girl I wouldn’t leave you alone.
BRAND: One little kiss.
DERRYK: Come on, give him a kiss.
BRAND: A man gets lonely guarding the Wall.
She tries to walk away. They slap the laundry basket out of her hands and trap her.
BRAND: There’s no need to be rude.
DERRYK: We just want a little affection.
She slaps Derryk across the face. Sam enters the room and pulls out his sword.
SAM: Get your hands off her. Brother Derryk. Brother Brand. I believe you both have guard duty tonight.
BRAND: Sam the Slayer. Are you gonna slay me with that sword?
DERRYK: Look at his hands shaking.
SAM: Gilly go on, Get back to your room and lock the door.
Derryk throws her to the floor.
SAM: I’m warning you.
DERRYK: Come on! Come on!
Sam swings the sword. It is deflected and he is subdued. Derryk punches him in the gut then starts kicking him.
DERRYK: You lying sack of shit! Killed a White Walker, eh? You fatass fuck. Come on, get up. (to Gilly) He’s your hero. He’s a hog!
GILLY: Leave him alone!
She charges at Derryk. He subdues her.
DERRYK: Stubborn little wilding bitch aren’t ya?
Brand kicks Sam in the face.
GILLY: Sam! Sam! Sam!
He punches Sam repeatedly in the face until he seems to lose consciousness.
BRAND: Alright. Hold still.
They both hold Gilly down as she screams. Sam gets back up.
SAM: I said get your hands off her.
BRAND: You’re gonna get yourself killed.
DERRYK: Roll over. Jon Snow’s not here to save you.
SAM: I killed a White Walker. I killed a Thenn. I’ll take my chances with you.
Ghost shows up and growls at the brothers. They sprint out of the room. Sam falls to his knees.
GILLY: Sam!
SAM: I’m alright.
GILLY: You’re not.
SAMMY: Just a bit woozy.
Sam collapses onto his side.
Gilly washes out Sam’s wounds with a wash cloth.
GILLY: The next time you see something like that you leave it alone.
SAM: I will not. They would’ve… I don’t know what they would have done
GILLY: I know they would have killed you if Ghost hadn’t come.
SAM: No. They were tiring out. I had them in the palm of my hand.
GILLY: Don’t be stupid Sam, you’re not a fighter.
SAM: What kind of man would I be if I ran away when I saw someone hurting you?
GILLY: Just promise me that whatever happens you’ll take care of little Sam.
SAM: Of course I will. And I’ll take care of you, too.
GILLY: I need more water.
She gets up. Sam grabs her arm.
SAM: Stay. Please.
Gilly gets on top of Sam and starts kissing him. She gets back up, and puts her hands around his neck and starts kissing him again.
GILLY: Am I hurting you?
He shakes his head no.
GILLY: Are you sure?
Sam nods yes. She pulls his pants down, pulls her dress up, and starts riding him.
SAM: Oh. Oh my.
The slaves are carried up to the auction stage. One of Malko’s men whips Tyrion.
MALKO: A rare find for the fighting pits, my friends. Not your usual street tough old drunken pirate. This one’s a Westerosi knight from an ancient house, trained in sword and lance. he fought beside the Stag King Robert on the far side of the Narrow Sea. He was first from the breach during the siege of Pyke, slaughtering 50 men with his flaming sword. He killed the great Khal Drogo in single combat. Betrayed by his woman, he sold himself into slavery to repay his debts. Bidding begins at 12 gold honors.
A hand goes up.
MALKO: 13. Do I have 14?
A hand goes up.
MALKO: 15? 15 golds honors. Do I have 16?
A man in the front who has been studying Jorah intently raises his hand.
SLAVE BUYER: 20.
MALKO: Sold!
Jorah is taken away.
TYRION: Wait! You have to buy me as well.
BUYER: Why?
TYRION: We’re a team. I’m a great fighter, too.
The crowd laughs.
MALKO: He’s funny. You have to give him that.
The man holding Tyrion’s chains laughs at him. Tyrion yanks his chains, pulling the man to the ground, and starts beating on him with the chains as the crowd roars. Tyrion kicks him in the head then looks to the buyer.
BUYER: Alright. He’s funny.
He hands Malko coins.
TYRION: Thank you my Lord. Thank you.
BUYER: Yes.
TYRION: My Lord, if I may. I’ve heard Mereen’s become a free city. You might run into trouble if you try to fight slaves in the fighting pits. Now if you were to fight free men who were paid a wage…
The buyer hits Tyrion in the mouth then tosses him a few coins.
BUER: Here’s your wages, funny man. It’ll last the rest of your life.
DAARIO: How long before the king of Mereen comes to claim my pillow?
DAENERYS: Don’t be ridiculous. My marriage to Hizdahr is political. I think he’s smart enough to understand that.
DAARIO: I think the Sons of the Harpy have stopped killing because their leader was made king.
DAENERYS: Are you jealous?
DAARIO: Do you think I’m petty enough to speak ill of a man just because he represents competition?
DAENERYS: I do.
Daario laughs.
DAARIO: You’re right. My motivations are entirely impure.
They start kissing.
DAARIO: Doesn’t make me wrong.
DAENERYS: You told me yourself, I can’t fight enemies within and without. So when enemies from without come knocking, I need the city of Mereen behind me. I have no choice.
DAARIO: Everyone has a choice. Even slaves have a choice. Death or slavery.
DAENERYS: So what else can I do?
DAARIO: Marry me instead.
DAENERYS: Even if I wanted to do such an inadviseable thing, I couldn’t.
DAARIO: Why not? You’re our queen, you can do as you like.
DAENERYS: No. I can’t
DAARIO: Then you are the only person in Mereen who’s not free.
Daenerys sits up in bed.
DAARIO: I know I’m here to serve my queen and not to give advice, but can I make one more suggestion?
DAENERYS: Of course
DAARIO: On the day of the Great Games, gather all the great masters, and wise masters, and worthy masters you can find, and slaughter them all.
DAENERYS: I am a queen. Not a butcher.
DAARIO: All rulers are either butchers or meat.
OLENNA: You there! Where would I find the High Septon, or High Sparrow, or whatever bloody fool name he’s got.
HIGH SPARROW: It’s not as good a name as Queen of Thorns, I’ll admit.
OLENNA: You should have the decency to stand when you talk to a lady.
SPARROW: You should have the decency to kneel before the gods
OLENNA: Don’t spar with me little fellow.
The High Septon gets up.
SPARROW: For me, it’s the knees. You?
OLENNA: Hips.
SPARROW: Huh.
OLENNA: A man of the people, is that your game? It’s an old game. dull and unconvincing. A man of the people who does Cersei’s dirty work for her.
SPARROW: The people always do the dirty work.
OLENNA: Spare me the homilies, I can smell a fraud from a mile away.
SPARROW: A useful talent.
OLENNA: I’m here for my grandson and granddaughter.
SPARROW: Your grandson and granddaughter swore sacred vows and lied. The Father judges us all. Sons of high lords, sons of fishermen. If you break his laws you will be punished.
The High Sparrow heads for the door.
OLENNA: Don’t you walk away from me.
SPARROW: You don’t give commands here, Lady Olenna.
OLENNA: What is it you want? Gold? I’ll make you the richest septon who ever lived.
The High Sparrow laughs.
OLENNA: What then?
SPARROW: I imagine this is strange for you. Everyone you meet has a hidden motive, and you pride yourself on slitting in and out. But I’m telling you a simple truth: I serve the gods. The gods demand justice.
OLENNA: How do they communicate their demands? By raven or horse?
SPARROW: By the holy text. The seven pointed star. If you don’t have one in your library I’ll give you my own.
OLENNA (with contempt): I’ve read the seven pointed star.
SPARROW: Then you’ll remember the passages concerning buggery and perjury. Your grandchildren will be punished in the same manner as anyone who breaks the sacred laws.
OLENNA: Half the men, women, and children in this foul city break the sacred laws. You live among murderers, thieves, and rapists. And yet you punish Loras for shagging and Margaery for defending her brother?
SPARROW: Yes. The Gods’ laws must be applied to all equally.
OLENNA: If it’s equality you want then so be it. When House Tyrell stops sending our crops to the capital, everyone here will starve. And I’ll make sure the hungry know who to blame,
SPARROW: Have you ever served the field, Lady Olenna? Have you ever reaped the grain? Has anyone in House Tyrell? A lifetime of wealth and power has left you blind in one eye. You are the few. We are the many. And when the many stop fearing the few…
He walks out of the room.
EXT. SEPT OF BAELOR
SQUIRE: Lady Olenna.
He hands her a letter with Baelish's mockingbird sigil.
CERSEI: Starving yourself won't make things any better for her, my love.
TOMMEN: She’s in a prison cell and there’s nothing I can do. I am the king! The queen is in prison and there’s nothing I can do!
Tommen walks to the window. Cersei joins him.
CERSEI: No matter who you are, no matter how strong you are, sooner or later, you'll face circumstances beyond your control.
TOMMEN: I’ll call in the army. I’ll take back the sept and kill every last one of them. I’ll start a war if I have to.
CERSEI: You know as well as I do who the first casualty in that war would be.
TOMMEN: I love her. I love her. I can’t help her.
CERSEI: We must be strong for those we love. We cannot give in to despair.
TOMMEN: I will speak to the high sparrow. There must be something--
CERSEI: Let me speak to him on your behalf. The king cannot dirty sully himself negotiating with an unwashed fanatic.
CERSEI: Your happiness is all I want in this world
TOMMEN: I know.
CERSEI: No you don’t. You can’t possibly. Not until you have children of your own. I would do anything for you. Anything to keep you from harm. I would burn cities to the ground. That is all that matters. You and your sister. From the moment you came into this world, my boy. My only boy.
Cersei embraces him and starts crying.
INT. DORNE
Jaime is being kept in a closely monitored room.
AREO: Prince Doran hopes this satisfies your concerns about the princess’s wellbeing.
Areo brings Myrcella into the room.
MYRCELLA: You looked different when I left. You had more hair.
JAIME: And more hands. How’s Trystane?
MYRCELLA: He’ll be alright.
JAIME: I’m sorry for that. It wasn’t supposed to happen that way.
MYRCELLA: Why is it happening at all?
JAIME: Your mother’s worried about you. Threats have been made. Dorne is too dangerous for you. I’ve come to take you home.
MYRCELLA: This is my home, this has been my home for years. I didn’t want to come here but she told me to. I did what she said, I did my duty and now she’s forcing me to go back?
JAIME: It's for your own good. These are complicated matters.
MYRCELLA: It’s not complicated at all, it’s simple. I love Trystane, I’m going to marry him, and we’re staying right here.
JAIME: I don’t understand.
MYRCELLA: Of course you don’t! You don’t know me!
Myrcella leaves the room.
BRONN (singing): Brothers oh brothers, my days here are done, the Dornishman’s taken my life. Bur what does it matter, for all men must die, and I’ve tasted the Dornishman’s wife! Yes I’ve tasted the Dornishman’s wife!
In the adjacent cell to Bronn, Tyene claps as the other Snakes glare at her.
TYENE: He’s got a good voice.
OBARA: We’re lucky he’s a singer. If he were a fighter we might have been in trouble.
BRONN: It’s against my code to hurt a woman.
OBARA: It’s amazing how many men we beat seem to have this code.
BRONN: I wouldn’t say you beat me.
TYENE: How’s your arm?
BRONN: Wonderful. Wouldn’t feel right to leave Dorne without a new scar.
TYENE: You think you’re leaving Dorne?
BRONN: No great hurry. Dornish women are the most beautiful women in the world.
TYENE: Thank you.
BRONN: I said Dornish women. I didn’t say you.
TYENE: I’m not the most beautiful woman you’ve ever seen?
BRONN: I’ve seen quite a few women in all the Seven Kingdoms.
TYENE: Name one more beautiful than I am.
BRONN: Well now, in King’s Landing there was an absolutely gorgeous...
Tyene takes one of her breasts out of her tunic.
TYENE: There was a what? In King’s Landing you were saying.
BRONN: Was I?
TYENE: There was a woman more beautiful than I am.
Tyene takes both her breasts out.
BRONN: Was there? My memory’s not what it was earlier.
TYENE: How’s your arm now?
BRONN: You seem concerned with it. You must really like me.
Tyene undoes the rest of her tunic.
TYENE: And how about your head?
BRONN: My head… You don’t even wanna know what’s going on in…
As Bronn scans her naked body, his vision starts to blur and he collapses to the ground.
TYENE: Your nose is bleeding.
BRONN: It’s nothing. It’s the dry air.
TYENE: My dagger was coated with a special ointment from Asshei. They call it the Long Farewell. It takes time to work, but if a single drop makes contact with the skin, death.
She holds a tiny blue cap up to Bronn from her cell.
TYENE: The only antidote. Who’s the most beautiful woman in the world?
Bronn gasps for breath.
TYENE: Sorry? Who?
BRONN (finally): You.
TYENE: Don’t drop it.
Tyene tosses it into his cell and Bronn downs it.
TYENE: I think you’re very handsome as well.
Littlefinger peers at the Great Sept of Baelor through the window. The brothel is destroyed, with many seven-pointed stars scribbled on the floor, walls, and artwork.
BAELISH: I’m sorry about the locale.
OLENNA: No you’re not.
BAELISH: It felt like the safest place.
OLENNA: Not for your clientele, clearly.
BAELISH: It was an establishment like no other. The sheer range of appetites catered to, desires that didn’t exist until we invented them.
OLENNA: You’ve always been rather impressed with yourself, haven’t you?
BAELISH: The past is the past. The future is all that’s worth discussing. The future of House Tyrell.
OLENNA: Don’t pretend to have any concern for my house, my grandchildren, or me. I should have known you’d return to the capital once things started going wrong.
BAELISH: I promise you..
OLENNA: I promise you, Lord Baelish, that our fates are joined. Together we murdered a king. And if my house should fall, I would have nothing to hide. And if i should meet with some accident here at this broken little flesh market, they’ll never even find what’s left of you. So do you deny a part in all of this?
BAELISH: Cersei summoned me to King’s Landing. I dared not refuse her.
OLENNA: And what did she want?
BAELISH: A piece of info that she know that I had. Neither silence nor lies were an option. But I have other information of which she is unaware. And as you say, our interests are aligned. I have a gift for you.
OLENNA: What kind of gift?
BAELISH: The same kind I gave Cersei. A handsome young man.
Gladiators prepare their swords and armor.
SLAVE OWNER: Many worthy fighters have died trying to make it to the Great Games. When most of you worthless scum join them in death this afternoon it will represent a significant rise in your station. But if you happen to triumph here you will fight at the great pit of Daznak itself in front of the queen. So whatever happens, the gods have smiled upon you today. Today is the day your lives actually start to mean something.
Close-up on Jorah.
OWNER (O.S.): You and you, you, you two, you, you, and you.
Jorah is not one of the gladiators selected.
OWNER: Valar morghulis.
MEN: Valar dohaeris.
OWNER: Prepare yourselves.
EXT. FIGHTING PIT
DAENERYS: Sitting through the great games will be bad enough.
HIZDAHR: For generations, in the days leading up to the great games, it has been customary for our ruler to make the rounds to the lower pits to pay the fighters there the honor of her presence.
The fighters enter the pit.
OWNER: Move yourselves!
The slave owner sees Daenerys and runs in front of her and Hizdahr.
OWNER: Your Grace. Your Future Grace. You honor us all.
The owner gets all his gladiators to face Dany, whispering instructions to them.
OWNER: “We fight and die for your glory, O glorious queen.”
MEN: “We fight and die for your glory, O glorious queen.”
The fight begins
Jorah hears “O glorious queen” and runs to the edge of the pit. He sees Daenerys through the grated entrance to the ring.
EXT. FIGHTING PIT
One bald gladiator dominates the pit. He slits one fighter’s throat, and slices another fighter’s leg as he runs away.
DAENERYS: I think I’ve seen enough.
HIZDAHR: Your Grace, it’s a tradition for the queen to stay until the victor has emerged.
DAENERYS: I’ve sacrificed more than enough for your traditions.
Jorah straps a helmet on.
TYRION: What are you doing?
EXT. FIGHTING PIT
Jorah rushes the pit. His owner tries to stop him but he knocks him out with the butt of his sword. Jorah takes out the bald man as he was smashing a man’s head in with a rock. Daenerys takes notice of the fighter but can’t see his face.
The other gladiators that weren’t chosen to fight follow Jorah’s lead and enter the ring. Tyrion tries but is chained up. He starts sawing at his chain.
EXT. FIGHTING PIT
Jorah melees a fighter with a shield, then knocks another out with his own helmet.
A giant man sees Tyrion sawing at his chains. He raises a giant sword above Tyrion’s head, but comes down on the chain, freeing Tyrion. Tyrion nods in thanks.
EXT. FIGHTING PIT
Daenerys is watching intently now. Jorah is the last man standing. He walks up to Daenerys and Hizdahr and removes his helmet. She stares at him for a moment.
DAENERYS: Get him out of my sight.
Her men grab Jorah.
JORAH: Khaleesi, please, I just need a moment of your time. I brought you a gift.
TYRION (O.S.): It’s true. He has.
Tyrion enters the pit.
DAENERYS: Who are you?
TYRION: I am the gift. It’s a pleasure to meet you, Your Grace. My name is Tyrion Lannister.
Cut to Dany in shock and deep thought after hearing his name.
Cersei enters Margaery’s cell.
CERSEI: This is horrible. Unacceptable. Are they feeding you enough at least? I brought you this. Venison. It’s quite good. I had it myself for supper only last night. We did everything we could from the moment they took your brother. Tommen even went to the sept himself to confront the high sparrow, but I fear The Faith has left reason behind.
MARGAERY: I know you did this.
CERSEI: We are making every effort on your behalf. I swear to you by all the seven gods.
MARGAERY: Lies come easily to you. Everyone knows that. But innocence, decency, concern? You’re not very good at those, I’m afraid. Perhaps that’s why your son was so eager to cast you aside for me.
CERSEI: You’re upset. You’re not thinking clearly. I’ll visit again when you’ve had a chance to calm down.
MARGAERY: I don’t want to see you again.
CERSEI: I do hope you change your mind about that. I’ve been told men often go mad in the Black Cells below the Red Keep, but I suppose your isolation will end once your trial begins.
MARGAERY: Leave.
CERSEI: Yes, I’m afraid I must. My son needs me now more than ever.
Margaery throws the medicine at Cersei.
MARGAERY: Get out you hateful bitch!
CERSEI: Sleep well, sister.
Cersei walks out smiling. She is taken to High Septon’s room by a Sparrow.
HIGH SPARROW (to Sparrow): Thank you. (to Cersei) You saw her?
CERSEI: Yes.
SPARROW: And?
CERSEI: Her accommodations seem sufficient. What happens to her now?
SPARROW: Well she and her brother are both being held under fair suspicion. A trial will be held for each of them to determine if they are guilty of any acts that might constitute a violation of the tenants of the faith.
CERSEI: Who will stand judge?
SPARROW: Seven septons. As it was in all trials before the Targaryens.
CERSEI: Will you be one of them?
SPARROW: I will.
CERSEI: If one or both of them were to confess before the trial…
SPARROW: Then they will be at The Mother’s mercy.
CERSEI: What does The Mother’s mercy entail?
SPARROW: It depends on the situation. The acts themselves, the degree of contrition.
CERSEI: Thank you High Septon for bringing them whatever justice they deserve in the eyes of the Seven.
SPARROW: Did you know this chapel is one of the oldest structures in King’s Landing?
CERSEI: I think I may have heard at one point.
SPARROW: Baelor built his sept around it. But men worshipped here long before him.
The High Septon gestures to a stone altar with seven-pointed stars engraved into it.
SPARROW: Who carved this altar do you know?
CERSEI: I’m afraid i don’t.
SPARROW: No one does. There’s no name on it. Or anywhere else in the chapel. The people who built this place didn’t inflict their vanity on the people who came after them. The way Baelor did with that great gilded monstrosity out there. Their faith was clean.
Strip away the gold and the ornaments, knock down the statues and the pillars, and this is what remains. Something simple, solid, and true. The Tyrell’s finery will be stripped away. Their lives knocked down, their true hearts laid bare for all to see. And so it will be for all of us, high and low alike. What will we find when we strip away your finery?
The High Septon stares intently at Cersei.
SPARROW: A young man came to us not long ago, broken in body and spirit. He had so much to strip away, so much weighing him down. But piece by piece he unburdened himself. Let go of vanity, pride, sin, now his soul is so light he will float through the Seven Heaves like a bird.
Cersei gives a faint laugh.
SPARROW: And he has much to say about you.
Lancell enters the room and stands next to the High Septon. Cersei goes for the door and is blocked.
CERSEI: Move. Let me go immediately.
Cersei is grabbed and carried away from the room.
CERSEI (O.S.): You will order her to let me go! I am the queen! I am the queen! Have you lost your mind? Let me go! You filthy… I am the queen! Let me go!
INT. BLACK CELL
Cersei is thrown into the cell. She looks up at the people who put her there.
CERSEI: Look at me. Look at my face. It’s the last thing you’ll see before you die.
The door slams closed and is bolted shut.
END EPISODE
JORAH: Your Grace, I want to say--
DAENERYS: You will not speak. How do I know you are who you say you are?
TYRION: If only I were otherwise.
DAENERYS: If you are Tyrion Lannister why shouldn’t I kill you? To pay your family back for what it did to mine
TYRION: You want revenge against the Lannisters? I killed my mother Joanna Lannister the day I was born. I killed my father Tywin Lannister with a bow to the heart. I am the greatest Lannister killer of our time.
DAENERYS: So I should welcome you into my service because you murdered members of your own family?
TYRION: Into your service? Your Grace we have only just met. It’s too soon to know if you deserve my service.
DAENERYS: If you’d rather return to the fighting pits just say the word.
TYRION: When I was a young man I heard a story about a baby born during the worst storm in living memory. She had no wealth, no lands, no army, only a name and a handful of supporters, most of whom probably thought they could use that name to benefit themselves. They kept her alive, moving her from place to place, often hours ahead of the men who had been sent to kill her. She was eventually sold off to some warlord on the edge of the world and that appeared to be that. And then a few years later the most well informed person I knew told me that this girl without wealth, lands, or armies had somehow acquired all 3 in a very short span of time, along with three dragons. He thought she was our best, last chance to build a better world. I thought you were worth meeting at the very least.
DAENERYS: And why are you worth meeting? Why should I spend my time listening to you?
TYRION: Because you can not build a better world on your own. You have no one at your side who understands that land you want to rule. The strengths and the weaknesses of the houses that will either support or oppose you.
DAENERYS: I have a very large army and very large dragons.
TYRION: Killing and politics aren’t always the same thing. When I served as Hand of the King I did quite well with the latter considering the king in question preferred torturing animals to leading his people. I could do an even better job advising a ruler worth the name.
DAENERYS: So you want to advise me. Very well. (looks to Jorah) What would you have me do with him? I swore I would kill him if he ever returned.
TYRION: I know.
DAENERYS: Why should the people trust a queen who can’t keep her promises?
TYRION: Whomever Ser Jorah was when he started informing on you, he is no longer that man. I can’t remember seeing the same man as devoted to anything as he is to serving you. He claims he would kill for you and die for you, and nothing I have witnessed gives me reason to doubt him. And yet he did betray you.
Tyrion approaches Daenerys and Missandei. Her guards raise their spears to her. Daenerys waves them off.
TYRION: Did he have an opportunity to confess his betrayals?
DAENERYS: Yes, many opportunities.
TYRION: And did he?
DAENERYS: No. Not until forced to do so.
DAENERYS: So I should kill him?
TYRION: A ruler who kills those that are devoted to her is not a ruler that inspires devotion. And you’re going to need to inspire devotion, and lots of it, if you’re ever going to rule across the Narrow Sea. But you cannot have him by your side when you do.
DAENERYS: Remove Ser Jorah from the city.
Daenerys and Jorah hold back tears. Jorah is escorted out of the Pyramid. Jorah checks his Greyscale and walks away.
INT. BLACK CELLS
The Septa holds water out to Cersei.
SEPTA: Confess.
CERSEI: My son. Let me speak to--
She slaps Cersei with a spoon.
SEPTA: Confess. I meant it.
CERSEI: My face will be the last thing you see before--
She slaps her with a spoon again then leaves. Cersei starts screaming.
INT. HOUSE OF BLACK AND WHITE
ARYA: My name is Lana. I’m an orphan. When I was 8 I begged enough money to buy my first bucket of oysters, and I sold that bucket and made enough money to buy 2 more.
Arya pushes an oyster cart through a crowded market.
ARYA (V.O.): Iit took a while but I finally saved enough to buy myself an oyster cart. Now every morning I make my way down to the canals. I pass the fish mongers and the bakers. I usually see Lhara, my first customer of the day on my way home. Then I turn left onto Moonsinger Lane--
CUT TO: INT. HOUSE OF BLACK AND WHITE
Jaqen slaps her.
ARYA: Left onto Ragman Lane, where I do most of my trade.
JAQEN: Lana is very impressive. Very industrious. She will make a fine servant for the Many Faced God.
ARYA: How will she serve him?
JAQEN: She will no longer turn left onto Ragman Lane. She will turn right and go to Ragman Harbor.
ARYA: What will she do there?
JAQEN: She will see.
ARYA: See what?
JAQEN: How can a man tell a girl this. If he knew what she would see, there would be no reason to send her.
ARYA: Oysters, clams and cockles!
Arya takes a right with the cart.
ARYA: Oysters clams and cockles! Oysters clams and cockles!
THIN MAN: Your oysters fresh?
ARYA: Best in the city.
THIN MAN: You wouldn’t lie to an old man would you?
Arya cracks an oyster and hands him one he slurps it.
THIN MAN: Very nice. Give me 4. With vinegar.
A man throws a bag of money and a map on the Thin Man’s table.
MAN: It’s my 18th voyage. I’ve returned from all of them without a scratch on me.
THIN MAN: Can’t do it.
He is carried away as the Thin Man slurps the oyster
CUT TO: INT. THE HOUSE OF BLACK AND WHITE
JAQEN: The man is a gambler. He wages that his sailor's ship will make it to its destination. It is a strange wager for the captain. He only wins if he loses his life.
ARYA: So why would a captain make the wager in the first place?
JAQEN: A girl tells a man that she has seen.
ARYA: If the captain dies, the thin man pays his family a lot of money.
JAQEN: But perhaps the gambler loses his bet and decides that he doesn’t have to pay after all. A destitute woman and her small child, what can they do to such a man if he keeps their money for himself? To whom can they turn for recourse?
Arya looks to see a man praying on the floor.
ARYA: The Many Faced God. You said you didn’t know what I would see at the docks.
JAQEN: A man had no idea what she would see and what she would not. A girl named Lana will return to the docks. She will watch the gambler. She will come to know as much about him as she knows about herself.
ARYA: And then what?
JAQEN: A gift for the Thin Man.
He holds up a clear vile. Arya takes the vile, smiling.
WAIF: She is not ready.
JAQEN: Perhaps she is, perhaps she’s not.
WAIF: And if she’s not?
JAQEN: It is all the same to the Many Faced God.
INT. BLACK CELLS
Qyburn enters the cell and bows.
QYBURN: The trial will take place. The High Sparrow will be presenting a substantial case against you.
CERSEI: The charges?
QYBURN: Fornication, treason, incest, the murder of King Robert.
CERSEI: All lies.
QYBURN: Of course, Your Grace. My concern is that The Faith does not adhere to the same standards of proof as the crown. And I hope you’ll excuse me for saying it, but belief is so often the death of reason.
CERSEI: I wish you’d said it sooner. Any word from Jaime?
QYBURN: I’m afraid not. Your Grace, Grand Maester Pycelle has summoned your Uncle Kevan back from Casterly Rock to serve as Hand of the King. He now presides over the small council.
CERSEI: Tell him I need to speak to him.
QYBURN: I implored him to visit you but he would not.
CERSEI: What about my son, the king? If you can visit me then surely the king--
QYBURN: Your arrest, and Queen Margaery’s arrest, the king has not taken well. He remains in his chambers, his servants often find his food in the hall. Left untouched.
CERSEI: You need to talk to him, you need to talk to my son to come and see me, come and see his mother.
QYBURN: I tried my grace, he wouldn’t see me. He wouldn’t see anyone.
CERSEI: I can’t stay here.
QYBURN: There is a way, Your Grace. A way out.
CERSEI: Confess? To the High Sparrow? I won’t. I made him. I rose him up from nothing, I will not kneel before some barefooted commoner and beg his forgiveness.
The septa enters the room.
QYBURN: Goodbye my queen. The work continues.
Qyburn leaves the cell.
Theon enters Sansa’s room and sets food down.
SANSA: Why. Why Theon.
THEON: Not Theon. There is no Theon. Reek.
SANSA: Reek. Why did you tell him, Reek?
THEON: I was helping you. You were trying to escape, there is no escape. Not ever. Theon Greyjoy tried to escape. The master knew. He knows everything. He hunted him, he caught him, he strapped him to a cross, and cut away piece after piece until there was no Theon left.
SANSA: Good. If it weren’t for you I’d still have a family. If I could do to you what Ramsay did to you right here, right now, I would.
THEON: I deserved everything. I deserve to be Reek. I did terrible things. Turned on Robb. Captured Winterfell. Killed those boys.
THEON: They weren’t “those boys”, they were Bran and Rickon. They were your brothers, you’d know them since they were born.
THEON: They weren’t. They were only--
SANSA: Only what?
THEON: I can’t..
SANSA: Tell me!
THEON: I can’t, not unless the master says...
SANSA: Tell me, they weren’t what?!
THEON: They weren’t...
SANSA Tell me why Bran and Rickon should be dead while you still breathe the air. Tell me to my face Theon, tell me that they weren’t your brothers!
THEON: They weren’t Bran and Rickon! I couldn’t find them. It was two farm boys. I killed them and burned them so no one would know.
SANSA: You didn’t…?
Theon shakes his head no.
SANSA: Do you know where they went, Bran and Rickon?
THEON: I can’t talk to you anymore.
SANSA: Theon, you have to tell me, do you have any idea where Bran and Rickon--
THEON: Not Theon, Reek!
Theon runs out the door.
BOLTON BANNERMAN: Our scouts tells us he’s got no more than 6000 men. More than half of them are mounted, however.
ROOSE: And how high can Stannis’ horses jump? Our walls have been full repaired our walls have been reinforced. We have enough food for six months. We are more prepared for a siege than they could have ever been. All we have to do is wait for them to freeze, starve, and mutiny.
Ramsay gives a disagreeing look.
ROOSE: You disagree?
RAMSAY: Stannis isn’t from the North. You are, father. I think you’re missing an opportunity to show the people of the North how House Bolton treats southern invaders.
ROOSE: And what do you recommend?
RAMSAY: That we not sit and wait to let Stannis to decide what type of fight this is going to be. That we hit first, and hit hard, and leave a feast for the crows.
ROOSE: A smart commander does not surrender a defensive advantage. As long as we stay behind these walls they can’t touch us. Not to mention that the snow is so deep that we couldn’t get an army through if we wanted to.
RAMSAY: I don’t need an army. I need 20 good men.
INT. MEEREEN
DAENERYS: So have you decided yet? Whether I’m worthy of your service?
TYRION: Have you decided yet whether you’re going to have me killed?
DAENERYS: It’s probably my safest option.
TYRION: I can see why you would think so. It’s what your father would have done.
DAENERYS: And what would your father do?
TYRION: My father? Who publicly sentenced me to death? I’d say his thoughts on having me killed were abundantly clear.
DAENERYS: Is that why you killed him?
TYRION: Some day if you decide not to execute me, I’ll tell you all about why I killed my father. And on that day, should it ever come, we’ll need more wine than this.
DAENERYS: I know what my father was. What he did. I know the Mad King earned his name.
TYRION: So here we sit, two terrible children of two terrible fathers.
DAENERYS: I’m terrible?
TYRION: I’ve heard stories.
DANERYS: Why did you travel to the other side of the world to meet someone terrible?
TYRION: To see if you were the right kind of terrible.
DAENERYS: Which kind is that?
TYRION: The kind that prevents your people from being even more so.
DAENERYS: I did reopen the fighting pits. Under my rule murder will once again become entertainment.
TYRION:  Yes, that was wise. And you agreed to marry someone you loathed for the greater good. Very impressive. My own sister married someone she loathed as well, though not by choice and certainly not for the greater good, Gods forbid. She ended up having him killed.
DAENERYS: Perhaps it won’t come to that.
TYRION: It’s not impossible that Varys was right about you after all.
DAENERYS: Varys? King Robert’s spy master?
TYRION: Yes. He was the one who convinced me to come find you. He was my travelling companion before Ser Jorah seized that role for himself.
DAENERYS: Jorah sent my secrets to Varys. For 20 years the spider oversaw the campaign to find and kill me.
TYRION: He did what he had to do to survive. He did a lot of other things that he didn’t have to do. I suspect he’s the main reason you weren’t slaughtered in your crib.
DAENERYS: But you trust him?
TYRION: Yes, oddly. He might be the only person in the world that I trust. Besides my brother.
DAENERYS: The brother who killed my father.
TYRION: That’s the one.
DAENERYS: Perhaps I will have you killed after all.
TYRION: Your queenly prerogative. I had given up on life until Varys convinced me you might be worth living for. You chop off my head? Well, my final days were interesting.
DAENERYS: I’m not going to kill you.
TYRION: No? Banish me?
DAENERYS: No.
TYRION: So if I’m not going to be murdered, and I’m not going to be banished...
DAENERYS: You’re going to advise me. (takes his wine cup) While you can still speak in complete sentences.
TYRION: Advise you on what?
DAENERYS: How to get what I want.
TYRION: The Iron Throne. Perhaps you should try wanting something else.
DAENERYS: If I want jokes I’ll get myself a proper fool.
TYRION: I’m not entirely joking. There’s more to the world than Westeros after all. How many hundreds of thousands of lives have you changed for the better here? Perhaps this is where you belong. Where you can do the most good.
DAENERYS: I fought so that no child born into Slaver’s Bay would ever know what it was like to be bought or sold. I will continue that fight here and beyond. But this is not my home.
TYRION: And when you get back to your home, who supports you?
DAENERYS: The common people.
TYRION: Let’s be generous and assume that’s going to happen. Here in Slaver’s Bay you had the support of the common people and only the common people. What was that like, ruling without the rich? House Targaryen is gone, not a single person who shares your blood is alive to support you. The Starks are gone as well, our two terrible fathers saw to that. The remaining Lannisters won’t back you, not ever. Stannis Baratheon won’t back you either, his entire claim to the Throne depends on the illegitimacy of yours. That leaves the Tyrells. Not impossible, but not enough.
DAENERYS: Lannister, Targaryen, Baratheon, Stark, Tyrell. They’re all just spokes on a wheel. This one's on top, then that ones on top and on and on it spins, crushing the people on the ground.
TYRION: It’s a beautiful dream. Stopping the wheel. You’re not the first person to have dreamt it.
DAENERYS: I’m not going to stop the wheel. I’m going to break the wheel.
EXT. FIGHTING PIT
Two gladiators spar. Jorah walks to the pit. The master whistles for them to stop fighting. Jorah flips him a coin.
JORAH: You said whoever wins would fight at the Great Pit in front of the queen. I won.
MASTER: You struck me.
JORAH: I’ve been flogged if it makes you happy. I’m the best you’ve got. If I win at the Great Pit how much can you sell me for?
MASTER: You’re a free man, you could have gone anywhere, why did you come back?
JORAH: Let me fight for her and I belong to you.
INT. BLACK CELLS
SEPTA: Thirsty? Confess.
CERSEI: I’ll get out of here, you realize. Before long.
SEPTA: Confess.
CERSEI: I can make you a wealthy woman. A lady of the court.
SEPTA: Confess.
CERSEI: I can make sure you die in the most hideous way imaginable, and all I do is sit here imagining ways for you to die.
She dumps her water out on the floor. Cersei licks it from the floor when she leaves.
GILLY: Does it hurt?
SAM: No.
GILLY: Good.
SAM: How are you?
GILLY: I’m not the one who got punched and kicked in the face.
SAM: You know what I mean.
GILLY: I’m good.
SAM: Are you scared?
GILLY: A little.
SAM: Me too.
There is a knock on the door. Sam grabs his knife.
SAM: Who’s there?
OLLY: Olly.
Sam puts the knife down.
SAM: Come in.
OLLY: I heard what happened.
SAM: Not to worry. Men brawl from time to time. It’s only natural.
Olly sets a tray of food on Sam’s bed.
OLLY: Figured you were hungry.
SAM: You’re a good lad.
OLLY: Wanted to ask you something. (Olly looks at Gilly) If you’ve got the time.
GILLY: I need to check on baby Sam.
She exits the room.
SAM: Now then. How can I help?
OLLY: It’s about the Lord Commander.
SAM: Yes?
OLLY: He’s going up to Hardhome to save all them wildlings. Wildlings killed my mom and dad. They killed everyone in my village.
SAM: We’ve been fighting them for years.
OLLY: This wasn’t a fight. We were farmers and they slaughtered us. So why’s he saving them?
SAM: Wildlings are people, just like us. There are good ones and bad ones.
OLLY: The one he’s travelling with, the one with the red beard, he led the raid on my village.
SAM: Olly...
OLLY: How can he trust him?
SAM: I’ve seen the army of the dead. I’ve seen the white walkers, and they’re coming for us, for all the living. And when it’s time we’ll need every last man we can find.
OLLY: But what if we let the wildings through the gates and they cut our throats while we sleep?
SAM: Jon’s taking a risk, but he has to. We don’t stand a chance otherwise. Sometimes a man has to make hard choices, choices that might look wrong to others but you know are right in the long run.
OLLY: You believe that?
SAM: With all my heart.
Olly looks conflicted. He walks towards the door.
SAM: Try not to worry Olly. I’ve been worrying about Jon for years. He always comes back.
The ships full of Crows and wildlings dock at Hardhome. Jon and Tormund get out together. The camera fixates on the swords on their hips.
TORMUND: You trust me Jon Snow?
JON: Does that make me a fool?
TORMUND: We are fools together now.
They walk to meet the men and women of Hardhome, lead by the Lord of Bones.
TORMUND: Lord of Bones. Been a long time.
LORD OF BONES: Last time I saw you the little crow was your prisoner. The other way around now. What happened?
TORMUND: War.
LORD OF BONES: You call that a war? The greatest army the North has ever seen cut to pieces by a southern king.
TORMUND: We should gather the elders find somewhere quiet to talk.
LORD OF BONES: You don’t give the orders here.
TORMUND: I’m not giving an order.
LORD OF BONES: Why aren’t you in chains?
JON: He’s not my prisoner.
LORD OF BONES: What is he?
JON: We’re allies.
The Hardhome wildlings complain loudly.
LORD OF BONES: You fucking traitor! You fight for the crows now.
TORMUND: I don’t fight for the crows.
JON: We’re not here to fight. We’re here to talk.
LORD OF BONES: Is that right? You and the pretty crow do a lot of talking, Tormund. And when you’re done talking, do you get down on your knees and suck his cock--
Tormund grabs the Lord of Bones’ staff from him and beats him to death with it.
TORMUND: Gather the elders and let’s talk.
Jon is surrounded by Karsi, a Wildling chieftess, Loboda, a Thenn, a Wildling elder, and various other Wildlings.
JON: My name’s Jon Snow. I’m Lord Commander of the Night’s Watch. We’re not friends. We’ve never been friends. We won’t become friends today. This isn’t about friendship. This is about survival. This is about putting a 700 foot wall between you and what’s out there.
KARSI: You built that wall to keep us out.
LOBODA: Since when do the crows give 2 shits if we live?
JON: In normal times we wouldn’t. But these aren’t normal times. The white walkers don’t care if a man’s Free Folk or Crow. We’re all the same to them. Meat to their army. But together we can beat them.
KARSI: Beat the white walkers? Good luck with that. Run from them, maybe.
Jon holds the bag full of Dragonstone to Karsi. She looks at it hesitantly.
JON: It’s not a trick. It’s a gift for those who join us.
Karsi examine the glass in shock.
JON: Dragonglass. A man of the Night’s Watch used one of these daggers to kill a walker.
LOBODA: You saw this?
JON: No. But I trust the man.
KARSI: There are old stories about Dragonglass.
LOBODA: There are old stories about ice spiders big as hounds.
KARSI: And with the things we’ve seen you don’t believe them?
JON: Come with me and I'll share these weapons.
KARSI: Come with you where?
JON: There are good lands south of the wall.  The Night's Watch will allow you through the tunnel and allow your people to farm those lands.
There is hesitation.
JON: I knew Mance Rayder. He never wanted a war with the Night’s Watch, he wanted a new life for his people. For you. We’re prepared to give you that new life.
KARSI: If…?
JON: If you swear you join us when the real war begins.
LOBODA: Where is Mance?
JON: He died.
LOBODA: How?
JON (after a long pause): I put an arrow through his heart.
The wildlings in the cabin start to riot.
LOBODA: I say we send the Lord Commander back to Castle Black with no eyes.
Loboda brandishes his axe. Tormund steps forward.
TORMUND: None of you saw Mance die! I did. The Southern King who broke our army, Stannis, wanted to burn him alive to send him a message. Jon Snow defied that cunt’s orders. His arrow was mercy. What it did took courage, and that’s what we need today: the courage to make peace with men we’ve been fighting for generations.
KARSI: I lost my father, my uncle, and 2 brothers fighting the damn crows.
JON: I’m not asking you to forget your dead. I’ll never forget mine. I lost 50 brothers the night that Mance attacked the wall. But I’m asking you to think about your children now. They’ll never have children of their own if we don’t band together. The Long Night is coming and the dead come with it. No clan can stop them. The free folk can’t stop them. The Night’s Watch can’t stop them. And all the southern kings can’t stop them. Only together, all of us, and even then it might not be enough, but at least then we’ll give the fuckers a fight.
There are small nods of approval throughout the room.
KARSI: You vouch for this man, Tormund?
TORMUND: He’s prettier than both my daughters, but he knows how to fight. He’s young, but he knows how to lead. He didn’t have to come to Hardhome. He came because he needs us. And we need him.
LOBODA: My ancestors would spit on me if I broke bread with a crow.
KARSI: So would mine, but fuck 'em, they’re dead.
Karsi walks in front of Jon.
I’ll never trust a man in black.
Karsi walks over to Tormund.
But I trust you, Tormund. If you say this is the way, we’re with you.
TORMUND: This is the way.
WILDLING ELDER: I’m with Tormund. We stay here we’re dead men. At least with King Crow there’s a chance.
GIANT: Tormund.
LOBODA: Keep that new life you want to give us. Keep your glass, King Crow. Soon as you get on his ships they’re gonna slit your throats and dump your bodies to the bottom of the Shivering Sea. That’s our enemy. That has always been our enemy.
Wildlings start leaving the cabin and head towards the boats.
KARSI (to Tormund): I fucking hate Thenns.
Tormund nods.
Jon, Tormund, and Karsi lead the Wildlings to the boats.
JON: How many are with us? 5000?
TORMUND: I’m not good at counting.
JON: We’re leaving too many behind.
TORMUND: The free folk are stubborn. You know how long it took Mance to band them together. 20 fucking years.
JON: And he knew them better than I ever will.
TORMUND: They’re running out of food and there’s nothing to hunt. They’ll come around.
Cut to Karsi loading two children onto a boat.
KARSI: Johnna is gonna look after you. She’s in charge, you listen to her.
DAUGHTER: I wanna go with you.
KARSI: I need to get the old folks on the boats. I’m right behind you, I promise. (she kisses them on the forehead) Go on.
The Giant picks up a piece of Dragonglass and strokes it intently. Edd begins picking up the pieces of glass and looks at the giant with his piece of glass. Wun Wun turns to Edd and stares at him annoyed.
WUN WUN: Lokh kif rukh?
Edd leaves. Dogs are barking outside.
Jon loads girls onto a boat then turns to hear the dogs barking. The wind starts whipping from a neighboring cliff and the dogs start whimpering. Every wildling and Crow slowly turns to the source of the noise.
LOBODA: Shut the gate.
Men hurry towards the gate to board it up. More howling from the distance. The Wildlings on the other side of the gate begin charging the gate.
LOBODA: Shut the gate!!
Men rush to put a board in place to hold the gate shut.
SHOUTING: Wait! Open the gate! Let us in! Help us! Please open it!
Loboda walks to the gate with his axe and peers through a small hole in the wall. There is a faint scream in the distance, then a wight charges at the hole in the wall.
LOBODA: Ready your arrows!
The wights claw at the gate. Arrows are nocked and fired. A wight sticks his hand through the gate and Loboda chops it off.
There is a mad rush towards the boats with many people jumping in the water to catch one.
JON: Get in line! Get in line!
A wight tries to climb the gate.
Wights crawl to the top of the cabin and jumps through the hole in the roof. The men prepare their weapons and the giant growls.
One wight tries to climb under the gate. A barrage of arrows flies at the wights trying to get through the wall. Most of them land. The wight crawls even further under the gate. The wights start making holes in the gate. A sword sticks through the gate coming close to Loboda on the gate. Loboda dodges the sword, looks down to see the wight crawling under the gate, and stomps its head in.
The people continue to rush onto the boats with Jon, Tormund, and Karsi leading them.
JON: Hold the line! Hold the line!
NIGHT’S WATCH BROTHER: Lord Commander!
JON: Get them to the ship and come back for me!
BROTHER: But you’ll never make it--
JON: Now!
Karsi approaches Jon.
JON: You should be on one of those boats.
KARSI: So should you ! My little girl has gone on. They're gonna let them pass the wall even if you’re not there ?
JON: You have my word. I’ve given orders.
KARSI: Don’t think you’re gonna be there to enforce those orders !
Karsi heads back to helping people onto the boats.
TORMUND: If they get through, everyone dies !
JON: Night’s Watch with me! Move! Move! Move!
Jon, Tormund, Karsi, and the Night’s Watch brothers charge from the shore to the gate.
The wights have knocked a hole into the gate big enough to crawl out of. One breaks through, tears someone apart, and then is taken down. A group of wights storm through the same hole. Cut to an overhead that shows just how many wights are behind the gate.
Jon arrives at the gate. He pins a wight to the gate with Longclaw as Tormund and Karsi kill the wights that have already gotten through. The archers take out the wight Jon pinned to the gate, and then the men cover the hole the wights had been escaping from with a sled.
Fighting continues. A group of wights tear into a Crow. Loboda and Karsi continue to kill the wights.
Jon looks up through the mist and sees 4 White Walkers on horseback on the top of the cliff.
JON: The Dragonglass!
LOBODA: You’re with me, lad! Now!
Jon and Loboda charge towards the cabin. Jon cuts a wight in half then kills another. The giant breaks through a wall in the cabin as the cabin starts to go down in flames. He shakes the wights off of his back, snapping some in half and stomping others into pieces. Jon and Loboda storm the cabin.
The entire cabin is on fire. A White Walker wielding a staff walks towards them through the fire.
LOBODA: Get the glass.
Loboda walks towards the White Walker as Jon scrambles towards the Dragonglass. Loboda misses with his axe twice, getting it caught in the wall. He pulls it out to parry in time, but the Walker’s spear shatters his axe. The Walker plunges his spear through Loboda's stomach.
Jon reaches the glass but is thrown across the room by the Walker before he can pick it up, causing Longclaw to fly out of the cabin. Jon ducks from the Walker’s swings with his spear, and runs out to grab another sword. The Walker swings and shatters the sword. He knocks Jon down again. Jon struggles, then gets up again, running to pick up Longclaw. He stumbles and drops the sword. The White Walker staggers towards him. Jon picks up Longclaw just in time to match the White Walker, and to both of their surprises, Longclaw stops the Walker’s spear. The Walker deflects one blow from Jon, but then he swings and shatters the Walker into pieces.
Jon falls to the ground after the struggle. The Night’s King watches him alone from the top of the cliff.
Tormund and Karsi continue to tear through wights. Karsi looks up, and sees a group of blue-eyed wight children staring at her. They do nothing for a moment, then charge at her, chewing and clawing her to death.
Cut to Jon crawling across the snow, coughing up blood. A man grabs him and Jon puts Longclaw to his neck. The man turns out to be Edd and they lower their weapons.
JON: The Dragonglass!
EDD: Fuck the glass! We’re gonna die here.
A screech comes from the top of the cliff. Hundreds of wights dive from the top of the cliff. They appear to have died for a brief moment after landing, but then wake up and charge at Jon and Edd.
Cut to Tormund continuing to hold the gate. The gate starts creaking then comes down. Tormund runs to the boat.
The giant starts roaring as the other gate comes down, swinging a fiery log. Jon, Tormund, and Edd sprint towards the boat with the giant clearing a path for them with the log. The Night’s King continues to watch them from the top of the cliff.
Jon, Tormund, and the Crow jump off the dock onto the boat.
JON: Go! Go! Go!
TORMUND: Wun Wun, to the sea.
The giant stays back, continuing to take out loads of wights by swinging his flaming log. He begins to walk towards the boat, ripping the wights hanging onto him off of his back and throwing them into the water to die.
JON: Let’s go now! Now!
Jon looks back to shore to see the Wights, along with a White Walker, killing the last surviving wildlings.
Slowly, a figure walks to the end of the dock. The camera pans up to reveal the Night’s King. He stares at Jon and Jon stares back. The Night’s King turns his head to the carnage at the edge of the shore and then looks back to Jon. He slowly starts raising his arms.The dead wildlings twitch, then open their eyes to reveal blue. Karsii comes back to life, blue-eyed . They all start standing up, joining the army of the dead, and staring at Jon. Jon can do nothing but stare back at the Night’s King back as the boat drifts away.
END EPISODE
A man walks by each of the tents.
INT. MELISANDRE’S TENT
Melisandre stares into the fire. She exits the tent.
Melisandre surveys the camp. In the distance, a tent catches on fire. Men start screaming and rushing out of their tents. A burning horse runs by Melisandre.
DAVOS: A band of 20 men, maybe less. They were in and out before anyone spotted them, burnt our food stores to the ground, all our siege weapons were destroyed, dozens of tents were--
STANNIS: Horses?
DAVOS: We’re still getting a count, but hundreds are dead.
STANNIS: 20 men rode into our camp without a single guard sounding the alarm?
DAVOS: The northerners know more about their land than we ever will.
STANNIS: Put last night’s guards in chains, either they fell asleep or they were conspiring with the enemy. Find out the truth and then hang them.
DAVOS: Unless there’s a thaw, we can’t press forward to Winterfell, and we don’t have enough food to get us back to Castle Black.
STANNIS: We’re not returning to Castle Black.
DAVOS: Forgive me, Your Grace, I never claimed to be an expert in military matters. But if we can’t march forward, and we won’t march back…
Stannis looks to Melisandre and Selyse. Davos follows his gaze then looks back.
STANNIS: Have the dead horses butchered for meat.
Stannis walks over to Melisandre.
EXT. THE WALL
The Hardhome survivors, led by Jon, Tormund, Tollett, and Wun-Wun, approach the wall. Alliser looks down at the group. Jon steps forward, Alliser stares for a moment, then--
ALLISER: Open the gates.
The lower gate is lifted.
EXT. CASTLE BLACK
The Hardhome Wildlings are being escorted through Castle Black.
JON: It was a failure.
SAM: It wasn’t.
JON: I went to save them, I failed.
SAM: You didn’t fail him, or him, or her. Every one of them is alive because of you, and no one else.
JON: I don’t think that fact’s lost on them.
Cut to many men of the Night’s Watch glaring at Jon, then Olly who exchanges a long look with Jon from the top of the stairs. Alliser walks down the steps to Jon.
ALLISER: You have a good heart, Jon Snow. It will get us all killed.
INT. STANNIS’ TENT
Stannis is studying his chessboard. There are 2 Baratheon pieces next to a sword and opposed to 2 Bolton pieces. Davos enters the tent.
DAVOS: You sent for me, Your Grace.
STANNIS: Find you some healthy horses and a few good men to guard you, I’m sending you back to Castle Black. Tell the Lord Commander to send food, supplies, fresh horses, in return when I take the throne I’ll make sure the Night’s Watch has all the men it requires. He can guard all 19 castles if he so wishes.
DAVOS: Your Grace, you’ve named me your Hand.
STANNIS: Yes.
DAVOS: The King’s Hand should never abandon the King, especially in a time of war.
STANNIS: You’re not abandoning me, you’re obeying a command.
DAVOS: A boy with a scroll could deliver this message.
STANNIS: And if Jon Snow refuses a boy with a scroll, what does the boy say? I didn’t name you hand for your expertise in military matters, ride for Castle Black, don’t come back empty handed.
DAVOS: Your Grace, perhaps Queen and Princess Shireen could accompany me.
STANNIS: My family stays with me.
DAVOS: At least let me take Shireen. A siege is no place for a little girl.
STANNIS: My family stays with me.
EXT. STANNIS’ CAMP
The men are shivering, waiting in line for food. Davos walks by.
INT. SHIREEN’S TENT
Shireen is reading one of her books. Davos enters.
DAVOS: What’s this one now?
SHIREEN: "The Dance of Dragons: A True Telling" by Grand Maester Munkun.
DAVOS: Well that sounds like a proper story.
SHIREEN: Ser Byron Swann wanted to kill the dragon Vhagar. He polished his shield for a week, til the steel was like a mirror. Then he crouched behind it, and crept forward, hoping the dragon would only see his own reflection.
DAVOS: But the dragon only saw a dumb man, holding a mirrored shield.
SHIREEN: And burnt him to a crisp.
Davos and Shireen share a laugh.
DAVOS: Thus ending the dragonslaying career of Ser Byron Swann. I made you something, Princess.
Davos hands her a stag carved out of wood.
DAVOS: Do you like it?
SHIREEN: He’s beautiful.
Shireen kisses him on the cheek.
SHIREEN: Thank you.
DAVOS: You’re very welcome.
SHIREEN: Will you make me a doe, too, so that he can have company?
DAVOS: Of course I will.
SHIREEN: But why am I getting a present?
DAVOS: Because you deserve it. My son was always on me trying to teach me to read. Gods, I was stubborn about it. Made it this far without reading, seemed to me I could make it to the grave. I wish I had listened to them. This is my own poor way of saying thank you for teaching me to be a grown up. (beat) I’ll be gone for a few days, Princess. I’ll want to hear all about the dance of dragons when I’m back.
SHIREEN: You’ll just have to read it yourself.
Davos kisses Shireen on her forehead then leaves. Shireen looks over the stag.
Jaime is escorted by Areo to Doran’s room.
JAIME: Prince Doran. (bows)
DORAN: Forgive us, we started without you. Please, sit.
JAIME: Princess Myrcella.
MYRCELLA: Uncle.
JAIME: What a lovely dress.
MYRCELLA: You don’t like it?
JAIME: You must be cold.
MYRCELLA: Not at all. The Dornish climate agrees with me.
JAIME: Prince Trystane. How’s your jaw?
TRYSTANE: A fleabite.
ELLARIA: What are you doing in Dorne?
JAIME: Looking out for the safety of my niece, the princess Myrcella.
DORAN: And rather than send a raven or speak to me directly you decided to enter my country in secret and abduct our guest by force.
JAIME: We received a threatening message. The princess’s necklace in the jaws of a viper.
Jaime looks at Ellaria.
MYRCELLA (surprised): That necklace was stolen from my room.
Doran looks at Ellaria. A servant sets down food and drink before Jaime.
JAIME: Ah. Excellent. The last meal before the beheading.
DORAN: We can’t behead you. Many in Dorne want war. But I’ve seen war. I’ve seen the bodies piled on the battlefields. I’ve seen the orphans starving in the cities. I don’t want to lead my people into that hell.
ELLARIA: No, you want to break bread with the Lannisters.
DORAN: And that is precisely what we are doing. (raises glass) Let us drink to Tommen, the first of his name, the King of the Andals and the First Men, Lord of the Seven Kingdoms.
Everyone drinks. Ellaria dumps her cup out on the floor and looks at Doran.
DORAN: King Tommen insists on his sister’s return to the capital?
JAIME: I’m afraid he does.
DORAN: I cannot disobey my King’s command. (Ellaria glares at Doran) She will return with you to King’s Landing. And my son, Prince Trystane, will accompany you both. If the alliance between Dorne and the Iron Throne is to continue, their engagement must stand.
JAIME: I accept.
DORAN: One more thing. My brother was named to the small council before his death. Your father understood the importance of keeping Dorne in the loop. With Oberyn gone, Trystane will take his place on the small council.
JAIME: You have my word.
ELLARIA: The word of a Kingslayer.
Ellaria gets up and walks to Doran.
ELLARIA: No wonder you can’t stand. You have no spine.
Ellaria tries to leave the room. Doran grabs her wrist.
DORAN: You are mother to four of my nieces, girls I love very much. For their sake, I hope you live a long life. Talk to me that way again and you won’t.
Doran lets go. Ellaria leaves the room.
JAIME: May I inquire into the fate of my man?
DORAN: Tell me, Ser Jaime, in King’s Landing, how do they punish a commoner who strikes a prince?
JAIME: He said it was just a fleabite. The fault is mine. Bronn is merely a soldier following my orders. If anyone should be punished it’s me.
DORAN: Prince Trystane must learn judgement if he’s to rule one day. I’ll let him decide.
Jaime looks to Trystane. Trystane considers.
TRYSTANE: I have learned the value of mercy from my father. I will set your man free.
JAIME: You’re a good man.
TRYSTANE: On one condition.
Bronn is laying on the ground in his cell. Tyene and Nymeria are playing a game where one tries to slap the other’s hand before they pull their hands away. Nymeria slaps Tyene.
TYENE: You’re going to miss.
NYMERIA: I never miss.
TYENE: You will. You’re thinking too much. Now you’re nervous. “What if she’s right?”
Nymeria slaps at Tyene and Tyene gets out of the way in time.
NYMERIA: Luck.
TYENE: Now it’s my turn.
NYMERIA: You’re too slow. You’ve always been too slow.
Nymeria sticks her hands out and blows a kiss to Tyene. Tyene slaps her across the face then blows one back. They get in fighting stances as the guards arrive. They take Bronn out of his cell.
BRONN: Am I going to be happy at the end of this walk?
AREO: You’ll find out very soon.
Bronn starts leaving the prison.
TYENE: Say it one more time, handsome. Who am I?
BRONN: The most beautiful woman in the world.
TYENE: And that’s the truth!
NYMERIA: Slut.
Tyene laughs.
Areo escorts Bronn into Doran’s room.
JAIME: Prince Doran, Ser Bronn of the Blackwater.
DORAN: : I didn’t realize there were knights of the Blackwater.
BRONN: Only the one.
JAIME: I believe you’ve already met Prince Trystane.
BRONN: Prince. Sorry about the other day.
JAIME: Prince Trystane here is a man of mercy. He’s agreed to grant you your freedom.
BRONN: I’m glad to hear it. The pie looks good.
JAIME: There was one condition.
Jaime nods to Areo. Areo elbows Bronn in the jaw, knocking him to the ground.
DORAN: Perhaps some soup instead?
Arya pushes her oyster cart through the street.
ARYA: Oysters, clams, and cockels! Oysters, clams, and cockels! Oysters, clams, and cockels! Oysters, clams, and cock--
Two shady looking men approach her.
MAN: How much for your little clam?
They laugh and walk away. Arya looks down the street and sees the Thin Man, looking over another sailor’s application.
ARYA: Oysters, clams, and cockels! Oysters, clams, and cockels!
Arya stops her cart, inspects the vile Jaqen gave to her, and tucks it back in her pouch. She starts pushing the cart again and makes eye contact with the Thin Man.
THIN MAN (waving): Come on.
Arya stares off into the distance.
THIN MAN: Some oysters, girl! I’m talking to you! Girl?! Are you deaf? Girl?!
Arya looks to the dock, and sees Meryn Trant and Mace Tyrell being helped off the boat. A Iron Banker approaches him and Arya starts walking away from the Thin Man and towards them.
BANKER: Lord Tyrell! On behalf of the Iron Bank, may I be the first to welcome you to the free city of Braavos. I hope your journey was trouble free.
MACE: Bit of chop the last few days but nothing too awful. Good to see the old chap is still guarding the Harbor.
BANKER: And how goes the harvest in the Reach?
MACE: Vintnors say this might be the best year for red grapes in half a century. If we come to a satisfactory arrangement, I’ll be sure to send the Arbor’s finest your way.
BANKER: I’m afraid I don’t partake.
Arya studies the group, focuses in on Meryn, and begins following them with her cart.
MACE: Some consider usury distasteful, dishonorable. Pure nonsense, of course.
BANKER: I'm glad we see eye-to-eye on this matter.
MACE: Did you know that at one point Maegor the third tried to outlaw it in the Seven Kingdoms? Wanted to arrest anyone caught charging interest and cut off both their hands.
Meryn and Arya exchange quick looks at each other.
BANKER: Most unfortunate for the glovers.
MACE: If a man charges low interest on a loan then he has nothing to gain and everything to lose, so why charge him? Whereas a reward makes a man willing to gamble.
BANKER: We are not gamblers here at the Iron Bank, Lord Tyrell.
MACE: You are the world's best gamblers. And all those bets you won built this.
Mace gestures to the Iron Bank and the camera cuts to it.
Arya is waiting on the steps of the building opposite the bank, eating her oysters. The men start walking out of the Bank.
BANKER: I’m afraid I still have a good deal of work to do.
MACE: Oh, nonsense. Work's over. Do you sing?
BANKER: I don't have that gift.
MACE: It's not a gift, it’s a skill, anyone can learn it. “So give me a kiss by the Long Canall and give me two kisses in Salty Town, for we are going to die, tomorrow. The bareheaded beggar, the king with his crown…”
Meryn Trant and his men walk through the doorway.
MERYN: I thought that old shit would never stop singing.
MAN: It wasn’t bad, though.
MERYN: The Tyrells can all rot in hell, treasonous cunts. They were going to make that boy-fucker Renly king.
They arrive at a door.
MERYN: This is the place, lads. The sleekest little minks in Braavos.
MAN: You’re buying?
MERYN: Oh, I’m buying. But I never was good at sharing.
They enter the brothel. Arya pulls up to the doorway with her cart and sees the men entering.
INT. BROTHEL
Arya walks through the door with a tray of oysters. The brothel keeper stops her.
BROTHEL KEEPER: Sell your fish somewhere else.
PROSTITUTE: Oh let her in, Brusco, I’m hungry. Come here, sweetness.
The brothel keeper gestures nods for Arya to go on. She walks to the prostitute and the man she’s with.
PROSTITUTE: They say oyster’s get the juices flowing. We’ll take half a dozen.
ARYA: Three coppers.
Arya begins cutting an oyster open.
JOHN: Here’s a silver because the lady likes you.
The man places a silver on her tray in exchange for the oysters. Arya turns and sees Trant’s men being taken to a back room.
Arya enters the room and peers through a divider to see a prostitute posing for Meryn.
MERYN: Too old.
HEAD PROSTITUTE: Brea.
Brea poses for Meryn.
MERYN: Too old.
HEAD: I have just the one. Anara our most expensive girl, but well worth it, I assure you.
A younger, 20-something prostitute poses for Meryn.
MERYN: Too old.
The people in the room share uneasy glances as they realize what he’s asking for.
MERYN: Do you have what I want or not?
HEAD: Of course. Of course.
One of Trant’s men crosses to the other side of the divider and confronts Arya.
MAN: Fresh? Come on, the lads are hungry.
The man drags her into the room.
MAN: Nothing better for you cock stand than fresh oysters.
MAN 2: I’ll have one.
Meryn stares at Arya.
HEAD: Who let this girl in? Shoo shoo!
The head prostitute brings in a child.
MERYN: Good.
The head prostitute hands Meryn an hourglass. He hands it back.
MERYN: I’ll tell you when we’re done.
He leads the girl towards a bedroom.
MERYN: You’ll have a fresh one for me tomorrow.
HEAD: Of course.
The head prostitute realizes Arya is still standing there.
HEAD: I’ll have you whipped, girl! Go on!
Arya leaves the room, but takes one last glance at where Meryn is taking the girl.
INT. HOUSE OF BLACK AND WHITE
Jaqen kneels next to a man at the fountain of the center of the room and offers him a drink from the fountain.
MAN: Valaar morghulis.
The man takes a drink. Arya approaches Jaqen.
JAQEN: And?
ARYA: The Thin Man wasn’t hungry today.
JAQEN: Perhaps that’s why the man is thin.
The man drops to the ground, creating a thud off-screen.
ARYA: Tomorrow.
JAQEN: Tomorrow.
JAQEN: A girl has work to do.
Arya walks towards the man who is now collapsed on the ground.
Doran is addressing Ellaria with Areo standing guard next to the three Sand Snakes.
DORAN: Your rebellion is over. You can swear your allegiance to me now, or you can die.
She kneels and kisses his ring, crying. Nymeria and Obara look disgusted, Tyene’s face reveals less.
DORAN: I believe in second chances. I don’t believe in third chances.
Jaime is writing a letter in his former cell that is now unlocked. Ellaria enters.
ELLARIA: You write like a 7 year old.
JAIME: Your maester kindly agreed to copy it over for me.
ELLARIA: He didn’t try to make you pay?
ELLARIA: Then maybe he’s changed. The Queen will be thrilled to know you’ll be bringing her daughter home
JAIME: She will.
ELLARIA: You love her very much, don’t you?
JAIME: Of course, she’s my niece.
ELLARIA: I wasn’t talking about her.
Jaime looks up from his writing at Ellaria.
ELLARIA: You think I disapprove. Why? Because people disapprove of that sort of thing where you are from? They disapproved of Oberyn and me where you are from. Here, no one blinked an eye. 100 years ago, no one would have blinked an eye at you if you had been named Targaryen.  It’s always changing, who we’re supposed to love and who we’re not.The only thing that stays the same is that we want who we want.
Ellaria pauses, taking a walks around the room.
ELLARIA: I know your daughter had no part in the terrible thing that happened to the man I loved. Perhaps even you were innocent of that.
Ellaria exits the room.
INT. SHIREEN’S TENT
Shireen plays with her stag figurine next to a fire and on top of her book. Stannis enters the tent.
SHIREEN: Father. Aren’t you cold?
STANNIS: No. What are you reading?
SHIREEN: The Dance of Dragons.
STANNIS: What’s it about?
SHIREEN: It’s the story of the fight between Rhaenyra Targaryen and her half-brother Aegon for control of the Seven Kingdoms. Both of them thought they belonged on the Iron Throne. When people started for declaring for one of them or the other, their fight divided the kingdom in two. Brothers fought brothers. Dragons fought dragons. By the time it was over, thousands were dead. And it was a disaster for the Targaryens as well. They never truly recovered.
STANNIS: “The dance of dragons”? Why is that a dance?
SHIREEN: That’s just what they call it.
STANNIS: Doesn’t make much sense.
SHIREEN: I think it’s poetic.
STANNIS: If you had to choose between Rhaenyra and Aegon, who would you have chosen?
SHIREEN: I wouldn’t have chosen either. It’s all the choosing sides that made things so horrible.
STANNIS: Sometimes a person has to choose. Sometimes the world forces his hand. If a man knows what he is and remains true to himself, the choice is not choice at all. He must fulfill his destiny and become who he is meant to be. However much he may hate it.
SHIREEN: It’s alright, father.
STANNIS: You don’t even know what I’m talking about.
SHIREEN: It doesn’t matter. I want to help you. Is there any way I can help?
STANNIS: Yes there is.
SHIREEN: Good, I want to. I’m the Princess Shireen of House Baratheon and I’m your daughter.
They hug.
STANNIS: Forgive me.
EXT. STANNIS’ CAMP
Shireen is flanked by guards as she walks towards a pyre, clutching the stag Davos gave her. When she arrives at the pyre Melisandre steps to the front.
SHIREEN: Where’s my father? I want to see my father.
MELISANDRE: It will all be over soon, Princess.
The men drag her to the pyre and tie her up.
SHIREEN: Where’s my father? No you can’t do this, father where are you?!
Stannis watches on from the crowd.
SHIREEN: Let me see my father! Where are you, please?!
SELYSE: It’s what the Lord wants. It’s a good thing. A great thing.
MELISANDRE: The year is now, my Lord. For you we offer up this girl, that you may cleanse her with your fire and that its light may lead our way.
SELYSE: If we don’t act then we’ll all starve here all of us, but if we make this sacrifice…
MELISANDRE: Accept this token of our faith, my lord and lead us from the darkness. Lord of Light show us the way!
SHIREEN: Mother, please mother! Mother, please mother!
SELYSE: I can’t.
STANNIS: There’s no other way. She has King’s blood.
MELISANDRE: Lord of Light protect us, for the night is dark and full of terrors!
SHIREEN: Mother, don’t do this please! Please help! Don’t do this! Please, father! Mother, help!
Melisandre lights the pyre. Selyse runs towards the pyre and is stopped by Stannis’ men. Shireen burns as Melisandre, Selyse, and Stannis look on, Melisandre pleased, Selyse horrified, and Stannis conflicted.
SELYSE: No...
Daenerys sits next to Missandei at the top of the pit, with an open seat between her and Tyrion at the end, and Daario standing behind them. Hizdahr takes the open seat.
DAENERYS: Where have you been?
HIZDAHR: Just making sure everything’s in order.
Camera pans through the fighting pit to reveal it is covered with House Targaryen sigils. An announcer steps to the middle of the pit and waves his arm to silence the crowd.
ANNOUNCER (Valyrian): Free citizens of Meereen! By the blessings of the Graces and her majesty the Queen, welcome to the Great Games!
ANNOUNCER: My queen, our first contest. Who will triumph: the strong or the quick?
QUICK: I fight and die for your glory, oh glorious queen.
STRONG: I fight and die for your glory, oh glorious queen.
They stand waiting in front of her. The crowd is silent.
HIZDAHR: They’re waiting for you. Clap your hands.
Daenerys looks down at the two men. After a moment, and with a look of disgust on her face, she claps her hands. The crowd roars and they start fighting. After some parries, the Quick man slices at the Strong man’s neck.
DAARIO: That one, the smaller man, no question, that’s where you should put your money.
TYRION: The smaller man it is.
DAENERYS: I’m not putting my money anywhere.
HIZDAHR: Kings and queens never bet on the games. Perhaps you should go find someone who does.
DAARIO: People used to bet against me when I fought in the pits. (looks at Hizdahr) He would have bet against me. Common novice mistake.
HIZDAHR: I have spent much of my life in Meereen, and in my experience, larger men do triumph over smaller man, far more often than not.
DAENERYS: Has your experience ever involved any actual fighting? You, yourself, have you ever tried to kill a man that was trying to kill you?
Hizdahr is silent.
DAARIO: Whenever I got into the pit against a beast like that one, the crowd saw me, all skin and bone back then, then they saw a pile of angry muscles ready to murder me. They couldn’t get their money out fast enough. But the pile of angry muscles never had any muscles here (he puts a dagger to his neck) or here (he puts the dagger to Hizdahr’s neck). And the big men were always too slow to stop my dagger from going where their muscles weren’t. Yes, whenever I saw a beast like that one, standing across from me making his beast faces, I knew I could rest easy.
The Strong man decapitates the Quick man with one quick stroke. Hizdahr smiles and Daario looks turns away angrily. Tyrion says nothing.
HIZDAHR: You don’t approve?
TYRION: There’s always been more than enough death in the world for my taste. I can do without it in my leisure time.
TYRION: It’s easy to confuse what is with what ought to be. Especially when what is has worked in your favor.
HIZDAHR: I’m not talking about myself. I’m talking about the necessary conditions of greatness.
Cut to pit workers carrying the decapitated head out of the pit, leaving a trail of blood behind.
DAENERYS: That is greatness?
HIZDAHR: That is a vital part of the great city of Meereen. Which has existed long before you arrived and will remain standing long after we have returned to the dirt.
TYRION: My father would have liked you.
ANNOUNCER: We ask again: who will triumph?
DAENERYS: One day your great city will return to the dirt as well.
HIZDAHR: At your command?
DAENERYS: If need be.
ANNOUNCER: A Meereenese champion?
The crowd applauds.
HIZDAHR: How many people will die to make this happen?
DAENERYS: If it comes to that they would have died for a good reason.
HIZDAHR (looks at pit): Those men think they’re dying for a good reason.
DAENERYS: Someone else’s reason.
HIZDAHR: So your reasons are true, and theirs are false. They don’t know their own minds, but you do.
TYRION: Well said, you’re an eloquent man. Doesn’t mean you’re wrong. In my experience, eloquent men are right every bit as often as imbeciles.
ANNOUNCER: ...or a Westerosi Knight?!
Crowd jeers.
JORAH (O.S.): I fight and die for your glory, oh glorious Queen.
Daenerys stares at Jorah. They both hold back emotion.
HIZDAHR: Your Grace--
DAARIO: Shut your mouth.
Daenerys claps. Jorah nods. They begin fighting, with Daenerys’ eyes following Jorah. He takes a blow to the mouth, is knocked down and starts bleeding. He gets up, has his sword knocked away, and pulls out a dagger. He wrestles with the man trying to choke him, throws him off, then stabs him in the chest. He pulls the dagger out, looking at Daenerys, throws it away, and picks up his longsword.
Jorah squares off against a flashy fighter that just brutally stabbed another fighter through the back. He slices Jorah in the cheek. The other two fighters square off, with a heavily armored fighter wielding a spear killing his opponent. The crowd cheers.
Jorah’s opponent slices Jorah’s arm then knocks him over, knocking his sword out of his hand. He holds his blade to Jorah’s throat. Both he and Jorah look to Daenerys.
TYRION: You can end this.
HIZDAHR: She cannot.
TYRION: You can!
The fighter holds his blade to Jorah’s throat. He is about to make a move when the other fighter comes over and stabs Jorah’s opponent in the back, killing him. Jorah gets up and faces the final opponent. Jorah matches the spearman, is knocked over, but catches the spear before it reaches his throat. He gets back up and the two face off again. Jorah spins, somersaults, and stabs him through the stomach, killing him. He looks up to Daenerys.
Jorah reaches for his opponent’s spear. He picks it up and hurls it towards Daenerys’ seat. Daario rushes to protect Daenerys and everyone else gets out of the way. It connects with a Son of the Harpy.
Cut to the crowd. Many audience members have put on Sons of the Harpy masks.
DAARIO: Protect your queen!
The Sons of the Harpy start slitting the throats of former slaves and Unsullied in the crowd. Unsullied guards and Daario surround Daenerys and Missandei, fighting off the Harpys. Hizdahr starts running towards Daenerys.
HIZDAHR: Your Grace, Your Grace, come with me! I know a way out! I know a way--
Two Sons of the Harpy come up on Hizdahr from behind and stab him to death. They run at Daenerys. Daario takes one out, and Jorah comes up from the pit to take Hizdahr’s spot and take out the other. He offers his hand to Daenerys and she takes it. He leads her down to the pit with Daario and the Unsullied, leaving Tyrion and Missandei.
A Harpy comes towards Missandei. Tyrion comes from behind, pulls him to his knees, and slits his throat. He leads her down to the pit.
TYRION: Stay close!
Sons of the Harpy have began to rush the pit. Unsullied fight them off as Daenerys, Daario, and Jorah head towards a side exit.
JORAH: This way!
They run through the exit, but a door swings shut. A Son of the Harpy steps out and Jorah kills him.
DAARIO: The other side, follow me!
They rush towards the other side and join up with Tyrion and Missandei.
DAARIO: Protect your queen!
Jorah, Daario, and the Unsullied form a ring around Missandei, Daenerys, and Tyrion in the center of the pit. Sons of the Harpy begin to rush from the other exit they were heading towards. They surround the ring, testing out the outer ring before they begin rushing. A few make it past the outer ring but are killed by Daario. Missandei and Daenerys join hands and Daenerys closes her eyes.
A roar is heard in the distance. All of the Harpys look up. Drogon appears, breathing fire and circling the pit. The Sons run away from Daenerys to the edge of the pit. One charges at her and Drogon rips him apart. He breathes fire on 4-5 of them at a time before a spear hits his back. 2 more spears connect and he starts slowing down.
DAENERYS: Drogon!
She takes a spear from his neck. He roars at her, but then closes his mouth. She slowly reaches to touch his nose. More spears are thrown at him by Sons of the Harpy and he turns to them and roars. Daario continues to fight off every Harpy that comes near her.
Daenerys climbs onto Drogon’s back slowly.
DAENERYS: Valahd..
Drogon runs towards the Harpys, starts flapping and then takes off from the Pit. He flies past the Pyramid and into the sky as Tyrion, Jorah, Daario, and Missandei stare up at him.
A dragon roars in the distance.
END EPISODE
Melisandre looks at the icicles hanging outside her tent and sees that they are melting.
Melisandre walks to find Stannis, stepping in a pile of mud on the way.
Stannis straps his armor on.
MELISANDRE: The Lord of Light has made good on his promise, my king. His fires have melted the snows away. The way ahead is clear.
STANNIS: We ride for Winterfell.
MELISANDRE: And you will take it. The Lord has shown me Bolton banners burning. You will receive what is yours by right.
Melisandre wraps her arms around Stannis. He brushes her off then exits the tent. She follows after him.
INT. STANNIS’S CAMP
Stannis walks by his men as they prepare for battle. One soldier approaches him.
SOLDIER: Your Grace.
STANNIS: Prepare to form up.
SOLDIER: Your Grace.
The soldier waits for a response from Stannis.
STANNIS: Tell me.
SOLDIER: The men. Many deserted before dawn.
STANNIS: How many?
SOLDIER: Nearly half. All the sell-swords, with all the horses.
Stannis is speechless. He looks to Melisandre who appears even more devastated than he. Another soldier comes up to Stannis.
SOLDIER 2: Your Grace?
STANNIS: Speak up. It can’t be worse than mutiny.
The man is silent.
EXT. WOODS OUTSIDE STANNIS’S CAMP
Stannis is led by his men to a tree. Stannis looks up and sees Selyse hanging from it. Stannis takes a long look but tries not to reveal his emotions.
STANNIS: Cut her down.
The men cut the noose and bring her to the ground.
SOLDIER: Your Grace. The Lady Melisandre was just seen riding out of camp.
Stannis seethes but says nothing.
STANNIS: Get the men into marching formation. On to Winterfell.
Stannis walks from the woods back to camp.
JON: He raised his hands. And they all stood up at once. Tens of thousands of them, the biggest army in the world.
SAM: So what are you gonna do?
JON: I’m gonna hope they don’t learn how to climb the wall.
SAM: But… the Dragonglass?
JON (shakes his head): No one’s ever getting that back, now. It wouldn’t have mattered anyway, unless we had a mountain of it.
SAM (confused): But… you killed a White Walker.
JON: With Longclaw. I saw them shatter steel axes like they were glass. But Longclaw…
SAM: He’s made of Valyrian steel. How many Valyrian steel swords are left in the Seven Kingdoms?
JON: Not enough. (pause) The first Lord Commander in history to sacrifice the lives of sworn Brothers to save the lives of Wildlings. How’s it feel to be friends with the most hated man in Castle Black? (smiles)
SAM: You were friends with me when I first got here. And I wasn’t winning any elections back then.
JON: Here’s to us then. Long may they sneer.
Jon and Sam clink glasses and drink. Sam looks to Jon.
JON: What?
SAM: I wanted to ask you something. To ask something of you. Send me, Gilly, and the baby to Oldtown so I can become a Maester. That’s what I’m meant to be, not this.
JON: I need you here, Sam. If you leave, who’s left to give me advice I trust?
SAM: Well, there’s Edd.
Jon gives Sam a look.
SAM: I’ll be more use to you as a Maester. More use to everyone now that Maester Aemon’s gone. The Citadel has the world’s greatest library. I’ll learn about history, strategy, healing. And other things. Things that will help when they come.
Jon stares at Sam, saying nothing.
SAM: If Gilly stays here then she’ll die. And the baby that she named after me will die. And I’ll end up dying, too, trying to protect them. Which means that the last thing that I’ll see in this world will be the look in her eyes when I fail them. (pause) I’d rather see a thousand White Walkers than see that.
Jon inhales, exhales, then nods somberly. Sam smiles.
SAM: Thank you.
JON: You know that The Citadel will make you swear off women, too.
SAM: They’ll bloody try.
Jon looks at Sam incredulously.
JON: Sam?
SAM: What?
JON: Sam…
Sam smiles.
JON: You’ve just been beaten half to death. How did you--
SAM (smiling): Very carefully.
Jon smiles and lets out a small laugh.
JON: I’m glad the end of the world’s working out for someone.
They sit in silence for a moment.
SAM: I’ll come back.
JON (raises a glass): To your return.
SAM: To my return.
EXT. CASTLE BLACK
Sam, Gilly, and little Sam mount the horses. Sam looks up to see Jon watching from the top of his steps.They exchange a wave, and then Sam begins riding out of Castle Black.
EXT. OUTSIDE OF WINTERFELL
Stannis’s depleted army marches onto Winterfell. Stannis is at the front with flaming heart banners flying all around him.
The Bolton army is preparing for battle.
Sansa uses the device she previously picked up to unlock her door. She drops the device and then exits her tower with a hood on.
Sansa walks by the Bolton men as they are preparing for battle.
Podrick returns to he and Brienne’s camp with firewood and dead rabbits. He hears screaming then looks down to see Stannis’s army marching for Winterfell. He drops the wood and rabbits and sprints back to Brienne.
Brienne is staring at the Broken Tower.
PODRICK: My lady! Stannis. Stannis Baratheon is coming. His whole army.
BRIENNE: How do you know it’s Stannis?
PODRICK: He’s carrying his flaming heart banners. From the Blackwater. I’ll never forget it.
Brienne takes one last look at the Broken Tower. She sees there is still no candle in the window.
Sansa approaches the Tower with a candle in hand.
Brienne takes one last, hard look at the Tower, then turns around and heads for Stannis’s army. Podrick grabs his axe and follows her. Right as they turn away, a candle appears at the top of the Broken Tower.
EXT. OUTSIDE OF WINTERFELL
STANNIS: Trench here. Another one 300 yards from the castle wall. Hurry them along. And send out a foraging party immediately. The siege begins at sunrise.
SOLDIER: There’s not going to be a siege, Your Grace.
Stannis looks to the distance and sees the Bolton army racing towards him as they come over the top of a hill.
Sansa looks down at the ensuing battle from the top of the Broken Tower with a candle in the window.
EXT. OUTSIDE OF WINTERFELL
Stannis sees he the army approaching. He takes a deep breath then unsheathes his sword. Cut to an overhead shot revealing Stannis is badly outnumbered.
Sansa watches from the window as the fight begins. She walks away from the window.
Pan across the ground to reveal all but one of Stannis’s men are slaughtered alongside various banners and shields with his sigil. Stannis hobbles away from these men, using his sword as a crutch. Two Bolton men arrive on horse and kill the lone survivor of Stannis’s men. They charge at Stannis, one slices his leg, but he kills them both with a dagger and sword then falls to the ground.
Stannis leans onto a tree and groans. He looks down to his bleeding leg with a resigned look, then looks up to the sound of a horse riding.
STANNIS: Bolton has women fighting for him.
Cut up to Brienne of Tarth.
BRIENNE: I do not fight for the Boltons. I’m Brienne of Tarth. I was Kingsguard to Renly Baratheon. I was there when he was murdered by a shadow with your face. You murdered him? With blood magic?
Stannis is silent for a long moment.
STANNIS: I did.
Brienne approaches him and unsheathes her sword.
BRIENNE: In the name of Renly of House Baratheon, First of his Name, Rightful King of the Andals and the First Men, Lord of the Seven Kingdoms, and Protector of the Realm, I, Brienne of Tarth, sentence you to die. Do you have any last words?
STANNIS: Go on, do your duty.
Brienne unsheathes her sword, pulls it back, swings forward, and--
Ramsay plunges his sword into a survivor. Then he surveys the corpses on the battlefield.
RAMSAY: Looks like we’re done here.
Ramsay heads back towards his horse but sees one of Stannis’s men is survive, and is attempting to crawl away.
SURVIVOR: I surrender. I surrender!
RAMSAY: And I accept your surrender.
Ramsay plunges his sword into the man then pulls it out and wipes the blood off.
RAMSAY (to squire): Let’s head back. My wife must be lonely.
Pan out to reveal the bodies on the battlefield.
Sansa hurries through Winterfell with her hood on. She heads up the stairs, sees one of the Bolton men walking her way, and doubles back.
Sansa rushes through a door towards the exit. She finds Myranda and Theon waiting for her, with Myranda’s bow drawn.
MYRANDA: My lady. I have come to escort you back to your chamber.
THEON: Go with her. Please.
SANSA: I know what Ramsay is. I know what he’ll do to me. (looks to Theon) If I’m going to die, let it happen while there’s some of me left.
MYRANDA: Die? (lowers the bow) Who said anything about dying? You can’t die yet. Your father was Warden of the North, and Ramsay needs you. Though I suppose he doesn’t need all of you. Just the parts he’ll use to make his heir. Until you’ve given him a boy or two and he’s finished using them. (raises bow) He’s got incredible plans for those parts. So. Shall we wait for him to come back, or shall we begin now?
Sansa says nothing.
MYRANDA: You’re leaving it to me? Good. Let’s begin.
She draws her arrow back. Just as she goes to release it, Theon tackles her into a wall, causing the arrow to miss Sansa. They struggle for a moment.
MYRANDA: Stop! Stop!
Theon throws her over the edge, killing her on impact. As Sansa and Theon go to the edge to inspect the body, a horn begins to blare.
MAN: Open the gates!
Bolton men return from the battle and ride through the gates to Winterfell.
THEON: He’s coming back.
Theon grabs Sansa’s hand and leads her along the walls. They climb to the top of the wall and look down to see a pile of snow at the bottom. Theon offers his hand to Sansa, she takes it, and they leap off of the wall.
Meryn Trant looks to 3 young girls in front of him and tightens his grip on the stick in his hand. He walks behind the first one and whips her, she starts crying. He does the same to the second and she cries as well. He walks up to the third girl, whose face is hidden by her hair, and whips her in the back. She doesn’t react. He whips her harder in the side and doesn’t get a reaction. He whips her a third time across the face and the girl still doesn’t make a sound.
MERYN: I can see I have my work cut out for me.You two. Out.
The two other girls flee the room. The third removes her hair to show an unknown face. Meryn punches her in the stomach. She falls to the ground doubled over. Meryn smiles but loses the smile when he sees she is reaching for something. The girl pulls off her face, revealing she is Arya, and leaps towards Trant, stabbing him in the eye. She stabs his other eye then gags him with his shirt as he screams. He grabs at her but she stabs him in the chest until he rolls on his side.
ARYA: You were the first person on my list, you know. For killing Syrio Forel, remember him? Probably not. I’ve gotten a few of the others. The Many Faced God stole a few more for me. I’m glad he left me you. Do you know who I am?
Trant struggles to make a noise through the gag.
ARYA: I can’t hear you.
She stabs him in the stomach.
ARYA: You know who I am. I’m Arya Stark.
A look of surprise comes across Trant’s face, he grunts, and then Arya stabs him in the back. She removes the gag.
ARYA: Do you know who you are?
Trant whimpers.
ARYA: You’re no one. You’re nothing.
She slowly slits his throat and he keels over.
Arya walks into the room holding the face of the girl she wore to the brothel. She returns it to where she took it from.
JAQEN: A girl has taken a life. The wrong life.
WAIF: I was right about her.
JAQEN: You were.
WAIF: You’re not ready. Not at all.
The waif grabs Arya and holds her in front of Jaqen.
JAQEN: That man’s life wasn’t yours to take. A girl stole from the Many Faced God. Now a debt is owed.
Jaqen holds up the same vial he gave to Arya to give to the Thin Man. The waif holds Arya’s face up near the vial as she struggles.
JAQEN: Only death can pay for life.
Jaqen drinks the vial and then falls straight to the ground.
ARYA: No! No! No, you don’t die! Don’t die! (sobs)
WAIF: Why are you crying?
ARYA: He was my friend.
WAIF: No he wasn’t. Didn’t you listen to him?
JAQEN (O.S.): He was no one.
Arya turns to see a man looking identical to Jaqen standing behind her.
ARYA: But if you’re… (looks to the Jaqen who drank the potion and is seemingly dead) Who’s this?
JAQEN: No one at all. Just as a girl should have been before she took a face from the hall.
Arya reaches and pulls off the Jaqen face, revealing the face of an old man.
JAQEN: The faces are for no one.
Arya pulls off the old man face to reveal a younger man’s face.
JAQEN: You are still someone.
Arya pulls off the young man’s face to reveal a different old man.
JAQEN: And to someone…
Arya pulls off multiple faces, revealing the face of multiple different men.
JAQEN: ...the faces are as good as poison.
Arya pulls off the final face and sees her own face staring back at her.
ARYA: I can’t see!
Arya’s vision begins to blur until the screen goes black.
ARYA: What’s happening?! What’s happening?!
Myrcella kisses Prince Doran.
DORAN (to Jaime): I wish you a safe journey home.
JAIME: Thank you.
Doran looks to Ellaria and nods. She walks up to Myrcella.
ELLARIA: Forgive me child. I wish you all the happiness in the world.
Ellaria kisses Myrcella on the lips, holding the kiss then rubbing her lips. She nods to Jaime and Jaime nods back. Jaime helps Myrcella into the boat.
BRONN: Maybe I’ll come visit you sometime.
TYENE: Maybe I’ll come visit you.
BRONN: Don’t wait too long. I’ve a noble woman to marry back home.
TYENE (leans in): You want a good girl, but you need the bad pussy. (bites his ear)
JAIME (to Bronn): Whenever you’re ready, My Lord.
Bronn nods to Tyene and the Snakes, then heads to the boat.
Myrcella looks down at her lion necklace.
JAIME: Try not to lose it this time.
MYRCELLA: I’ll never take it off again.
JAIME: I know you didn’t want to leave Dorne. But I’m glad you’re coming home. Your mother’s desperate to see you. And I’m glad Trystane’s coming with us. He seems like a nice boy. You’re lucky. Arranged marriages are rarely so… so well arranged.
MYRCELLA: Do you think mother will like him.
JAIME: If she sees you’re happy, I’m sure she will.
MYRCELLA (laughing): And you really believe that?
JAIME (smiles): Have you ever known your mother to like anyone aside from her children?
MYRCELLA: She likes you.
JAIME: I’m not so sure about that. Listen. There’s something I’ve wanted to tell you. Something I should have told you long ago. So. Now that you’ve seen more of the world, you’ve learned how complicated things can be. People can be. The Lannisters and the Martells have hated each other for years, but you’ve fallen in love with Trystane. It was an accident, really, I mean what were the chances? You happen to fall in love with the man you were assigned to marry? (Myrcella laughs) My point is… we don’t choose whom we love. We just… It’s beyond our control. I sound like an idiot.
MYRCELLA: No you don’t.
JAIME: What I’m trying to say. What I’m trying and failing to say…
MYRCELLA: I know what you’re trying to say.
JAIME: No. I’m afraid you don’t.
Myrcella stands up and looks Jaime in the eyes.
MYRCELLA: I do.
She takes his good hand in hers.
MYRCELLA: I know. About you and mother. I think a part of me always knew. And I’m glad. I’m glad that you’re my father.
Jaime looks shocked but happy. They embrace. She releases the hug and smiles at Jaime, with blood beginning to trickle out her nose.
JAIME: Myrcella?
The bleeding gets worse.
JAIME: Myrcella?!
Myrcella collapses in Jaime’s arms, blood streaming down her face.
JAIME: Myrcella?! Myrcella?!
Ellaria stares at Jaime’s ship from the dock. Blood begins to trickle out of her nose and splatter the floor. Tyene hands her a rag for the blood and she wipes it away then thrrows the rag away. She opens the antidote and drinks it down. She and the Sand Snakes begin walking from the dock.
Tyrion, Daario, and Jorah sit on the steps in Dany’s throne room.
TYRION (to Jorah): You love her, don’t you? How could you not. Of course, it’s hopeless for the both of you. Sellsword from the fighting pits, a disgraced knight. Neither one of you is fit consort for a queen. But, we always want the wrong woman.
DAARIO: Does he always talk so much?
Jorah nods. Missandei brings Grey Worm into the room, with bandages around his torso.
GREY WORM: Jorah the Andal.
JORAH: Torgo Nudho.
GREY WORM: You should not be here.
DAARIO: No, but he is.
GREY WORM: Our queen ordered him exiled from city.
DAARIO: Our queen would be dead if not for him.
MISSANDEI (Valyrian): It’s true. And I would be dead if not for the… (look at Tyrion) little man.
TYRION (Valyrian): Dwarf. I believe that’s the word. Apologies. My Valyrian is a bit “nostril”.
MISSANDEI: (Valyrian) A bit “rusty”.
TYRION: (Valyrian) “Rusty” (Common Tongue) Thank you.
GREY WORM: I am sorry. Sorry I am not there to fight for my queen.
DAARIO: You missed a good scrap.
JORAH: None of that matters now. The longer we sit here bantering the longer Daenerys is out there in the wilderness.
TYRION: He’s right. The dragon headed north. If we’re going to find her, that’s where we’re to go.
JORAH: We? You’re a Lannister. The Queen intends to remove your family from power.
TYRION: And I intend to help her do it.
JORAH: You’ve been here for how many days now? I’ve fought for her for years. Since she was little more than a child.
TYRION: You betrayed her!
JORAH: Careful now.
TYRION: And she exiled you, twice, I believe?
JORAH: The second time thanks to you.
TYRION: Don’t blame me for your crimes, Mormont.
DAARIO: (gestures to Tyrion) He’s right. The Queen exiled Jorah. (gestures to Jorah) And he’s right, Jorah saved her life. Perhaps she feels differently about him now. Perhaps not. The only way we’ll know is if we ask her.
TYRION: Fine, fine, I suppose he can join us. Just as long as he promises not to kill me in my sleep.
JORAH: If I ever kill you your eyes will be wide open.
DAARIO (to Tyrion): Forgive me, but why would we bring you?
TYRION: Pardon me?
DAARIO: Have you ever tracked animals in the wilderness?
TYRION: Not precisely, but I have other skills that’d be very useful--
DAARIO: Can you fight?
TYRION: I have fought. I don’t claim to be a great warrior.
DAARIO: Are you good on a horse?
TYRION: Middling.
DAARIO: So mainly you talk?
TYRION: And drink. I’ve survived so far.
DAARIO: Which I respect. But you would not help us on this expedition. You would help us here in Meereen, though. (to Missandei, Grey Worm, and Jorah) None of us have any experience governing a city, except for him. You want to prove your value to the queen? Prove it right here in Meereen.
JORAH: He’s a foreign dwarf that barely speaks the language. Why would the Meereenese listen to him?
DAARIO: They wouldn’t. They will listen to Grey Worm.
GREY WORM: I’ll come with you. I’ll find our queen.
MISSANDEI: You are not strong enough to go anywhere.
GREY WORM: I am.
DAARIO: He is, he’s the toughest man with no balls I’ve ever met. But you still can’t go. The people believe in you. They know you speak for the queen.
MISSANDEI: It’s true. Only the Unsullied can keep the peace in Meereen. If you leave, half the city will consume the other half.
DAARIO: And Missandei. Our queen trusts no one more than Missandei. Certainly not me. The queen’s closest confidant, the commander of the Unsullied, and the foreign dwarf with the scarred face. Good fortune, my friends, Meereen is ancient and glorious. (to Tyrion) Try not to ruin her. (to Jorah) Looks like it’s you and me, Jorah the Andal. Let’s find some good horses. We have so much to talk about.
Tyrion walks down the steps towards Missandei and Grey Worm. They exchange uncertain glances with each other.
Tyrion stands in the place where Dany had Mossador executed and watches Jorah and Daario ride out of the city.
VOICE (O.S.): Hello, old friend.
Tyrion turns to see Varys on the balcony next to him.
VARYS: I thought we were so happy together until you abandoned me.
TYRION: I suppose there’s no point in asking how you found me.
VARYS: The birds sing in the west, the birds sing in the east. If one knows how to listen. They tell me you’ve already found favor with the Mother of Dragons.
TYRION: Well, she didn’t execute me, so that’s a promising start. Now the heroes are off to find her, and I’m stuck here, trying to placate a city on the brink of civil war. Any advice for an old comrade?
VARYS: Information is the key. You need to learn your enemies’ strengths and strategies. You need to learn which of your friends are not your friends.
TYRION: If only I knew someone with a vast network of spies.
VARYS: If only. (beat) A grand old city, choking on violence, corruption, and deceit. Who could possibly have any experience managing such a massive, ungainly beast?
Tyrion looks up to Varys with a slight smile.
TYRION: I did miss you.
VARYS: Oh, I know.
Dany looks to Drogon who is lying down in a ring full of bones.
DAENERYS: We have to go home.
Drogon lies down and grunts.
DAENERYS: My poor, sweet thing. Does it hurt? (pause) We have to go home. Drogon? Can you take me back to Meereen?
Daenerys pets his nose but gets no response.
DAENERYS: How far did you carry me? (surveys the area)
Drogon begins turning away from her to lick at his wounds.
DAENERYS: Drogon, we need to return. My people need me.
She climbs back on his back, but he hisses and bucks her off, then goes to sleep.
DAENERYS: Well, there’s no food. At the very least you can hunt us some supper.
Dany begins walking across the plateau to explore. A horse gallops in the distance. Camera cuts to reveal the pony-tail of a Dothraki. Three more Dothraki men arrive on horseback. Daenerys drops her ring to the ground. Another group of Dothraki arrives, and then the rest of the khalasar. They begin circling around Daenerys, howling.
INT. CERSEI’S CELL
Cersei is huddled in the corner. She shudders as the door opens.
SEPTA: Confess. Confess.
Cersei looks up to the Septa.
Cersei is knelt before the High Sparrow in the room where she was taken away.
CERSEI: I have sinned. I see that now. How could I have been so blind for so long. I want to be clean again. I want absolution. The Crone came to me with her lamp raised high, and with its holy light--
HIGH SPARROW: You wish to make a confession?
CERSEI: Once I’ve confessed, will I be free?
SPARROW: Your Grace will be dealt with according to her sins.
CERSEI: The Mother have mercy then. I lay with a man outside the bonds of marriage, I confess.
SPARROW: Name him.
CERSEI: Lancel Lannister.
SPARROW: Your cousin. And the King’s squire.
CERSEI: I was lonely and afraid.
SPARROW: You had a husband.
CERSEI: A husband of whoring every chance he got.
SPARROW: His sins do not pardon your own.
CERSEI: May the gods forgive me.
SPARROW: Other men?
CERSEI: No.
SPARROW: No others?
CERSEI: No.
SPARROW: Speaking falsehoods before the Gods is a great crime. You understand this?
CERSEI: I do.
SPARROW: There are those who say your children were not fathered by King Robert. That they are bastards born of incest and adultery.
CERSEI: A lie. A lie from the lips of Stannis Baratheon. He wants the Throne, but his brother’s children stand in his way, so he claims they are not his brothers’. The filth. There is not one shred of truth to it. I deny it.
SPARROW: Good. But these are terrible charges. And the realm must know the truth of them. If Your Grace has given honest testimony, your trial will prove your innocence.
CERSEI: Trial? I have confessed?
SPARROW: To a single sin. Others you have denied. Your trial will separate the truths from the falsehoods.
CERSEI: I bow to the wisdom of your High Holiness. But if I might beg for just one drop of the Mother’s mercy. I haven’t seen my son… I don’t know how long it’s been. I need to see him. Please.
SPARROW: You have taken the first step on a path back to righteousness. In light of this, I will permit you to return to the Red Keep.
CERSEI: Thank you. Thank you.
SPARROW: The Mother is merciful. It is her you should thank.
CERSEI: I will, I will. I swear it, day and night.
SPARROW: Good.
CERSEI: Am I free to go?
SPARROW: After your atonement.
CERSEI: My atonement?
INT. CERSEI’S CELL
Cersei is stripped naked and has the dirt washed off of her by the septas. After they scrub her clean, they sit her down and begin chopping her hair away with a knife. They leave her naked, with short hair and a bloody scalp, and then shut the door on her.
Cersei is carried to the top of the steps, in front of a massive crowd of King’s Landing citizens.
SPARROW: A sinner comes before you. Cersei of House Lannister, mother to his Grace King Tommen, widow to his Grace King Robert. She has committed the acts of falsehood and fornication. She has confessed her sins and begged for forgiveness. To demonstrate her repentance, she will cast aside all pride, all artifice, and present herself as the gods made her, to you. The good people of the city. She comes before you with a solemn heart. Shorn of secrets. Naked before the eyes of gods and men. To make her walk of atonement.
The septas remove her robe. She stands naked before the citizens of King’s Landing, who gasp. They force her to start walking down the stairs.
SEPTA: Shame. Shame. Shame. (rings bell)
The septa repeats “Shame. Shame. Shame.” and rings the bell through the duration of Cersei’s walk. Cersei is escorted by the Sparrows through the crowd of people. Silence at first, but once one man yells “Cunt!”, she begins to be heckled.
CROWD: Bitch! Whore! All hail her royal tits!
They begin pelting her with food. A prostitute runs in front of Cersei with her breasts out.
WOMAN: I’ve had half as many cocks as the queen!
The sparrows force her out of Cersei’s way. A man with his penis out runs in front of her later in the walk.
MAN: Suck me off! Suck me off, you bitch!
As Cersei approaches the end of her walk things get more violent. A man spits directly in her face, and a Sparrow has to beat a woman with a club as she charges Cersei. She is knocked to her knees at the end of her walk, but gets back to her feet when she sees the Red Keep in the distance. She finally reaches the end of the walk of atonement, and enters the Red Keep, sobbing.
INT. RED KEEP
Kevan Lannister, Grand Maester Pycelle, Qyburn, and the Lannister guards wait for her. Qyburn rushes to cover her naked body with a blanket as Cersei begins weeping.
QYBURN: Your Grace. It’s good to have you back. Come. We’ll take you inside. I need to have a look at those feet.
Cut to her bloody feet. We hear two giant footsteps off screen.
QYBURN: May I have the honor of presenting the newest member of the Kingsguard.
A hulking man, who is revealed to have a blue face through the eye holes in his helm, walks over to Qyburn and Cersei. He takes Cersei in his arms.
QYBURN: If it please Your Grace, he’s taken a holy vow of silence. He has sworn that he will not speak until all his Grace’s enemies are dead, and the evil has been driven from the realm.
EXT. CASTLE BLACK
Jon and Davos exit the elevator.
DAVOS: He came to your aid. Stannis. Now he needs you!
JON: We don’t have enough men to make any difference.
DAVOS: The wildlings will make a difference!
JON: The wildlings won’t ever fight for Stannis, I told you before--
DAVOS: You saved their bloody lives. If they’re going to live in the Seven Kingdoms, safe behind our wall, they ought to fight for the damn place.
JON: It’s not their fight!
The gates to Castle Black are opened and Melisandre arrives, alone and on horseback. Jon and Davos rush over to her.
JON: Stannis?
No response.
DAVOS: Shireen? The princess?
A long look but no response. Melisandre walks away from the two of them.
Jon goes through the various scrolls on his desk. Olly enters the room.
OLLY: Lord Commander. It’s one of the wildlings you brought back. Says he knows your Uncle Benjen. Says he’s still alive.
JON (stands up): Are you sure he’s talking about Benjen?
OLLY: Says he was first Ranger. Said he knows where to find him.
Jon rushes out of his room down to the ground. He is met by Alliser.
ALLISER: Man says he saw your uncle at Hardhome the last full moon.
JON: He could be lying.
ALLISER: Could be. There are ways to find out.
JON: Where is he?
ALLISER: Over there.
Jon walks past a group of Brothers holding torches. He sees a sign that reads “TRAITOR” when he passes them, and turns to see he is cornered. Alliser stabs him in the gut.
ALLISER: For the Watch.
Another Brother stabs him.
BROTHER: For the Watch.
A third Brother stabs him.
BROTHER: For the Watch.
A fourth brother stabs him.
BROTHER: For the Watch.
A fifth brother stabs him.
BROTHER: For the Watch.
Jon falls to his knees, struggling but still alive. Olly walks up to Jon.
JON: Olly…
Olly stabs him.
OLLY: For the Watch.
Jon stays on his knees, then falls backwards. The Brothers walk away from him. Jon lays on the ground, expressionless. A puddle of blood spreads to the top of the screen.
END EPISODE
END SEASON
