WALDER FREY: You're wonder why I brought you all here. After all, we just had a feast. Since when does old Walder give us two feasts in a single fortnight?
The Freys laugh.
WALDER FREY: Well, it's no good being lord of the Riverlands if you can't celebrate with your family. That's what I say!
The Freys cheer and slam their fists on their tables. WALDER snaps his fingers at a servant girl. The girl begins serving flasks of wine.
WALDER FREY: I've gathered every Frey who means a damn thing so I can tell you my plans for this great house now that winter has come. But first, a toast! No more of that Dornish horse piss! This is the finest Arbor gold! Proper wine for proper heroes!
The Freys cheer. WALDER raises his glass.
WALDERY FREY: Stand together!
The Freys stand in unison.
ALL: Stand together!
The Freys drink. WALDER holds his cup to his lips but does not drink. The servant girl picks up her cup and motions to drink.
WALDER: Not you. I'm not wasting good wine on a damn woman.
WALDER addresses the hall again.
WALDER: Maybe I'm not the most pleasant man. I'll admit it. But I'm proud of you lot. You're my family, the men who helped me slaughter the Starks at the Red Wedding.
The Freys cheer.
WALDER: Yes, yes. Cheer. Brave men, all of you. Butchered a woman pregnant with her babe. Cut the throat of a mother of five. Slaughtered your guests after inviting them into your home. But you didn't slaughter every one of the Starks.
Some of the Freys groan.
WALDER: No, no, that was your mistake. You should have ripped them all out, root and stem.
The Freys choke, cough, and spit up blood.
WALDER: Leave one wolf alive and the sheep are never safe.
The Freys collapse and die. WALDER takes hold of his own face and removes it, revealing ARYA's face. ARYA turns to the servant girl.
ARYA: When people ask you what happened here, tell them the North remembers. Tell them winter came for House Frey.
ARYA walks through the hall, staring at the Frey bodies. She smiles and exits.
TITLE SEQUENCEEXT. BEYOND THE WALLThe wind blows over the tundra. A dark cloud starts forming on the horizon, growing larger until it consumes everything. A white walker rides into view, accompanied by several other white walkers. The army of the dead files through the darkness. An undead giant walks into view. Zoom on the giant's eye.
BRAN is lying in his sled. His eyes are pure white. They wash to their normal color. MEERA is standing in front of him, holding the ropes to the sled. The gate rises. DOLOROUS EDD walks through the gate, accompanied by several members of the Night's Watch.
EDD: You wildlings?
MEERA: I'm Meera Reed, daughter of Howland Reed. This is Brandon Stark, son of Ned Stark.
EDD: How do I know that's true?
BRAN raises his head and stares at EDD.
BRAN: You were at the Fist of the First Men. You were at Hardhome. You've seen the Army of the Dead. You've seen the Night King. He's coming for us. For all of us.
EDD pauses and looks down, then looks to his men.
EDD: Okay, come on. Let's get them inside.
Two Night's Watch men sheathe their swords, approach BRAN's sled, grab the ropes, and pull him inside the gate. MEERA follows. EDD lingers and stares out into the wild, then turns on his heel and walks through the gate. The gate closes behind him.
JON: I want every northern maester to scour their records for any mention of dragonglass. Dragonglass kills white walkers. It's more valuable to us now than gold. We need to find it, we need to mine it, we need to make weapons from it. Everyone aged 10 to 60 will drill daily with spears, pikes, bow and arrow.
ROBETT: It's about time we taught these boys of summer how to fight.
The northern lords laugh.
JON: Not just the boys.
BRIENNE looks at JON.
JON: We can't defend the North if only half the population is fighting.
ROBETT stands.
ROBETT: You expect me to put a spear in my granddaughter's hand?
LYANNA stands.
LYANNA: I don't plan on knitting by the fire while men fight for me. I might be small, Lord Glover, and I might be a girl, but I am every bit as much a Northerner as you.
ROBETT: Indeed you are, my lady. No one has questioned--
LYANNA: And I don't need your permission to defend the North.
DAVOS smiles. LYANNA turns to JON.
LYANNA: We'll begin training every man, woman, boy, and girl on Bear Island.
The men pound their tables and shout in agreement. ROBETT nods at LYANNA. ROBETT and LYANNA sit.
JON: While we're preparing for attack, we need to shore up our defenses. The only thing standing between us and the Army of the Dead is the Wall and the Wall hasn't been properly manned in centuries. I'm not the king of the Free Folk.
JON looks at TORMUND. TORMUND turns and looks at JON.
JON: But if we're going to survive this winter together...
TORMUND grunts and stands.
TORMUND: You want us to man the castles for you?
The men murmur.
JON: Last time we saw the Night King was at Hardhome. The closest castle to Hardhome is Eastwatch-by-the-Sea.
TORMUND: Then that's where I'll go. Looks like we're the Night's Watch now.
TORMUND sits.
JON: If they breach the wall, the first two castles in their path are Last Hearth and Karhold.
YOHN stands.
YOHN: The Umbers and the Karstarks betrayed the North. Their castles should be torn down with not a stone left standing.
SANSA: The castles committed no crimes. And we need every fortress we have for the war to come. We should give the Last Hearth and Karhold to new families, loyal families who supported us against Ramsay.
ALL: Aye!
YOHN sits.
JON: The Umbers and the Karstarks have fought beside the Starks for centuries. They've kept faith for generation after generation.
SANSA: And then they broke faith.
JON: I'm not going to strip these families of their ancestral homes because of the crimes of a few reckless sons.
SANSA: So there's no punishment for treason and no reward for loyalty?
The hall goes silent.
JON: The punishment for treason is death. Smalljon Umber died on the field of battle. Harald Karstark died on the field of battle.
SANSA: They died fighting for Ramsay. Give the castles to the families of the men who died fighting for you.
The men chatter and pound the tables.
JON: When I was Lord Commander of the Night's Watch I executed men who betrayed me. I executed men who refused to follow orders. My father always said, "The man who passes the sentence should swing the sword," and I have tried to live by those words. But I will not punish a son for his father's sins, and I will not take a family home away from a family it has belonged to for centuries. That is my decision, and my decision is final.
JON stares at SANSA. SANSA looks away. JON addresses the hall.
JON: Ned Umber.
NED UMBER, a boy, stands.
JON: Alys Karstark.
ALYS KARSTARK, a young woman, stands. NED and ALYS approach the high table.
JON: For centuries, our families fought side by side on the battlefield. I ask you to pledge your loyalty once again to House Stark, to serve as our bannermen and come to our aid whenever called upon.
NED and ALYS unsheathe their swords and kneel.
JON: Stand.
NED and ALYS stand.
JON: Yesterday's wars don't matter anymore. The North needs to band together, all the living north. Will you stand beside me, Ned and Alys, now and always?
NED & ALYS: Now and always!
The men cheer and pound the tables.
JON walks briskly along the walkway. SANSA follows him.
JON: You are my sister, but I am king now.
SANSA: Will you start wearing a crown?
JON: When you question my decisions in front of the other lords and ladies, you undermine me.
SANSA: So I can't question your decisions anymore?
JON: Of course you can, but--
SANSA: Joffrey never let anyone question his authority. You think he was a good king?
JON stops walking. SANSA walks past him, then stops and turns to face him.
JON: Do you think I'm Joffrey?
SANSA: You're as far from Joffrey as anyone I've ever met.
JON: Thank you.
JON stares out at the yard below.
SANSA: You're good at this, you know.
JON: At what?
SANSA: At ruling.
JON sighs.
JON: No.
SANSA: You are. You are. They respect you, they really do, but you have to--
JON chuckles.
SANSA: Why are you laughing?
JON continues walking. SANSA follows.
JON: What did father used to say? Everything before the word "but" is horse shit.
SANSA: He never said that to me.
JON: No. No, he never cursed in front of his girls.
SANSA: Because he was trying to protect us. He never wanted us to see how dirty the world really is, but Father couldn't protect me and neither can you. Stop trying.
JON: All right, I'll stop trying to protect you and you stop trying to undermine me.
SANSA: I'm not trying to undermine you.
SANSA grabs JON's arm and spins him to face her.
SANSA: You have to be smarter than Father. You need to be smarter than Robb. I loved them, I miss them, but they made stupid mistakes, and they both lost their heads for it.
JON: And how should I be smarter? By listening to you?
SANSA: Would that be so terrible?
MAESTER WOLKAN approaches.
WOLKAN: A raven from King's Landing, Your Grace.
WOLKAN hands a bound note to JON, then bows and leaves. JON unravels the note.
JON: "Cersei of House Lannister, First of Her Name, Queen of the Andals and the First Men, Protector of the Seven Kingdoms--"
SANSA: What does she want?
JON: Come to King's Landing. Bend the knee or suffer the fate of all traitors.
SANSA: You've been so consumed with the enemy to the north, you've forgotten about the one to the south.
JON: I'm consumed with the Night King because I've seen him. And believe me, you'd think of little else if you had, too.
SANSA: We still have a wall between us and the Night King. Theres nothing between us and Cersei.
JON: There's a thousand miles between us and Cersei. Winter is here. The Lannisters are a southern army. They've never ranged this far north.
SANSA: You're the military man, but I know her. If you're her enemy, she'll never stop until she's destroyed you. Everyone who's ever crossed her, she's found a way to murder.
JON: You almost sound as if you admire her.
SANSA: I learned a great deal from her.
JAIME: What is this?
CERSEI: Its what we've been waiting for our whole lives. It's what Father trained us for, whether he knew it or not.
JAIME: He knew it. Made me memorize every damn city, town, lake, forest, and mountain.
CERSEI: It's ours now, we just have to take it.
CERSEI turns to face JAIME.
CERSEI: You've been quiet since you came home. Are you angry with me?
JAIME: No, not angry.
CERSEI: Are you afraid of me?
JAIME: Should I be?
CERSEI: Daenerys Targaryen has chosen Tyrion to be her Hand. Right now, they're sailing across the Narrow Sea, hoping to take back her father's throne. Our little brother, the one you love so much, the one you set free, the one who murdered our father and our first-born son, now he stands beside our enemies and gives them counsel. He's out there somewhere at the head of an armada. Where will they land?
JAIME: Dragonstone.
JAIME approaches the depiction of Dragonstone in the mural and stands over it.
JAIME: They have deep-water ports for the ships. Stannis left the castle unoccupied, and that's where she was born.
CERSEI: Enemies to the east.
CERSEI walks towards Dorne on the mural.
CERSEI: Enemies to the south--Ellaria Sand and her brood of bitches.
CERSEI walks towards Highgarden on the mural.
CERSEI: Enemies to the west--Olenna, the old cunt. Another traitor.
CERSEi walks towards the North on the mural.
CERSEI: Enemies to the north. Ned Stark's bastard has been named King in the North and that murdering whore Sansa stands beside him. Enemies everywhere. We're surrounded by traitors. You're in command of the Lannister army now. How do we proceed?
JAIME: Winter is here. We can't win a war if we can't feed our men and our horses. The Tyrells have the grain, the Tyrells have the livestock.
CERSEI: Will the Tyrell bannermen stand alongside a Dothraki horde and Unsullied slave soldiers?
JAIME: If they think Daenerys will win. No one wants to fight on the losing side. Right now, we look like the losing side.
CERSEI: I'm the Queen of the Seven Kingdoms.
JAIME: Three kingdoms, at best. I'm not sure you understand how much danger we're in.
CERSEI: I understand we're in a war for survival. I understand whoever loses dies. I understand whoever wins could launch a dynasty that lasts a thousand years.
JAIME: A dynasty for whom? Our children are dead. We're the last of us.
CERSEI: A dynasty for us, then.
JAIME: We never talked about Tommen.
CERSEi turns and walks to a nearby table and pours herself a glass of wine.
CERSEI: There's nothing to say.
JAIME: Our baby boy killed himself.
CERSEI: He betrayed me. He betrayed us both. Should we spend our days mourning the dead--mother, father, and all our children?
JAIME: Cersei--
CERSEI: I loved them. I did. But they're ashes now and we're still flesh and blood. We're the last Lannisters, the last ones who count.
JAIME: Even Lannisters can't survive without allies. Where are our allies now? You saw what happened to Walder Frey and his family.
CERSEI: I heard. How could we ever trust a man like that?
JAIME: We couldn't. He was a useless, old coward, but the Freys supported us. Now they're all dead. Whoever killed them is no friend of ours. We need allies. Stronger, better allies. We can't win this war alone.
CERSEI: You think I listened to Father for 40 years and learned nothing?
Ships bearing the kraken sigil of House Greyjoy are sailing into port. CERSEI and JAIME watch the boats from the shore, escorted by GREGOR CLEGANE and several other guards.
JAIME: The Greyjoys? You invited the Greyjoys to King's Landing?
CERSEI: Not all of them.
JAIME: Well, it looks like all of them.
CERSEI: I invited Euron Greyjoy, the new King of the Iron Islands. You said yourself we needed stronger, better allies. There you are.
JAIME: How are they better allies? How are they different from the Freys? They both broke their promises and murdered their former friends as soon as it suited them.
CERSEI: So does everyone when it suits them. Unlike the Freys, they have ships. And they're good at killing.
JAIME: They're not good at anything. I know the Ironborn. They're bitter, angry little people. All they know how to do is steal things they can't build or grow themselves.
CERSEI: Euron Greyjoy didn't come here for that.
JAIME: Oh, what did he come here for, then?
CERSEI: A queen.
CERSEI exits, followed by GREGOR and the guards.
CERSEI sits on the Iron Throne, flanked by JAIME and GREGOR. EURON GREYJOY stands at the foot of the throne. Guards line the hall.
EURON: The moment I was chosen Lord of the Iron Islands, they turned on me. Their own uncle. They stole my best ships and ran. Sailed the right across the world and gave them to the Dragon Queen so she could bring her armies here to attack you.
EURON points at CERSEI.
EURON: It's nothing compares to the treason you suffered at the hands of a family members, from what I hear. But still, it bothers me. Murdering them would make me feel a lot better. And since it appears that all our treasonous family members are fighting for the same side, I thought we rightful monarchs could murder them together.
EURON starts walking up towards the throne. GREGOR takes a step towards him. EURON stops walking and looks up at him.
JAIME: You're not a rightful monarch, though, are you?
EURON smiles and walks backwards off the steps. GREGOR returns to his previous position.
JAIME: The Greyjoys rebelled agains the throne for the right to be monarchs, but as I recall, you were soundly defeated. Come to mention it, weren't you the one who started that rebellion by sailing to Casterly Rock and burning the Lannister fleet? You certainly caught us there. Very smart move on your part. Of course, we all made it to the Iron Islands anyway. I was there.
EURON: I remember very well. I saw you. I heard so much talk. The best in the world. No one can stop him. I didn't believe it, to be honesty. But I must say, when you rushed through the breach and started cutting people down...it was glorious. Like a dance.
JAIME: The people I was cutting down were your own kin.
EURON: The place was getting crowded. I enjoyed watching it. I truly did.
JAIME: And I enjoyed killing Greyjoys.
EURON: A good thing for me. If you hadn't crushed us, I wouldn't have gone into exile. If I hadn't done that, I wouldn't be the greatest captain on the 14 seas.
CERSEI: If not the most humble.
EURON: You're not humble. You're the queen of a great nation. You don't care about the Iron Islands. They're nothing but rocks and bird shit and--and a lot of very unattractive people. The Iron Fleet, on the other hand, that's something else entirely. It's the greatest armada Westeros has ever seen. With the Iron Fleet, you own the seas. You can defeat the invaders of the east and the pretenders of the north and south.
CERSEI: What do you want in return?
EURON: Ever since I was a little boy, I wanted to grow up and mary the most beautiful woman in the world. So here I am, with a thousand ships and two good hands.
EURON raises his arms. JAIME's face twists.
CERSEI: I decline your proposal.
EURON: Why?
CERSEI: You're not trustworthy. You've broken promises to allies before and murdered them at the nearest opportunity. You murdered your own brother.
EURON: You should try it. Feels wonderful.
EURON chuckles. JAIME looks at CERSEI.
EURON: I don't expect you to trust me outright. You need proof of my honest intentions. In my experience, the surest way to a woman's heart is with a gift. A priceless gift. I won't return to King's Landing until I have that for you.
EURON turns and exits the Great Hall.
SAM retrieves a bedpan from beneath one of the beds. He gags.
SAM opens the lid of the toilet. He coughs, empties a bedpan, then cleans out a bedpan.
SAM is carry a stack of books. A maester walks by and places another book on top of the pile as he passes. SAM grunts and sighs.
A number of maesters are gathered for a meal. SAM pours soup into their bowls.
SAM places books on the shelves. He looks at a gate.
SAM retrieves a bedpan from beneath one of the beds. He gags.
SAM pours soup into a maester's bowl.
SAM opens the lid of the toilet. He empties a bedpan and sighs.
A maester places a book on top of the pile SAM is carrying. SAM places books on the shelves.
SAM empties a bedpan.
SAM pours soup into a maester's bowl.
SAM retrieves a bedpan from beneath one of the beds.
SAM gags. He pours water and places down a bedpan.
SAM pours soup into a maester's bowl.
SAM empties a bedpan. He retches. He pours water and cleans a bedpan.
SAM pours soup into a maester's bowl.
SAM pours water and places down a bedpan.
SAM pours soup into a maester's bowl.
SAM opens the toilet and empties a bedpan. He places down a bedpan and pours water.
SAM places books on the shelves. A maester places a book on top of the pile he's carrying. He puts more books on the shelves.
SAM continues his duties.
SAM wipes his brow. He stares at the gate, then looks over his shoulder, then back at the gate. He walks over to the gate, takes hold of the bars, and looks through. The gate rattles. He focuses on an open book. He hears a chain rattling, hurries to a bookshelf,
and pretends to be placing a book on it. A maester comes around the corner, walks down past him to the gate, unlocks it, enters, and locks it behind him. SAM watches him.
ARCHMAESTER MARWYN is performing an autopsy. SAM stands on the other side of the table, watching.
MARWYN: Ah, Maester Weyland. A drinker's liver if ever I saw one.
MARWYN removes the liver and hands it to SAM.
MARWYN: Weigh that.
SAM walks over to the scales.
MARWYN: The triumph of transitory pleasures. Mankind's curse.
SAM puts the liver on one side of the scale and places weights on the other side.
SAM: Archmaester, I was wondering...
MARWYN: What's the weight?
SAM: Um, 147.
MARWYN walks over to an open ledger, picks up a quill, and writes the number 147.
SAM: I was wondering if you had considered my proposition.
MARWYN: I don't remember your proposition.
SAM: I asked you if, in light of what I've seen in the North, if I could have access to the restricted area of the library.
MARWYN: That area is reserved for maesters. Are you a maester?
SAM: No.
MARWYN: Not a very strong proposition, is it?
MARWYN hands SAM the heart. SAM takes it to the scales.
SAM: Archmaester, with respect, I've seen them--the Army of the Dead. The white walkers. W was sent here to learn how to defeat them, but everyone in the Citadel, those who will even talk to me, they all doubt the walkers ever existed in the first place.
MARWYN: Everyone in the Citadel doubts everything. It's their job. But the tales of the Long Night can't be pure fabrication. Too many similarities from unconnected sources.
SAM: Sources in the restricted area?
MARWYN: The very same. And the simplest explanation for your grating obsession with the white walkers is that you're telling the truth and that you saw what you say you saw.
SAM: So, you believe me.
MARWYN: I do. You'll finish weighing that heart?
SAM: That makes you the only person south of the Twins who does.
MARWYN: We're not lie the people south of the Twins. And we're not like the people north of the Twins. In the Citadel, we lead different lives for different reasons. We are this world's memory, Samwell Tarly. Without us, men would be little better than dogs. Don't remember any meal but the last, can't see forward to any but the next. And every time you leave the house and shut the door, they howl like you're gone forever. When Robert's Rebellion was raging, people that the end was near. The end of the Targaryen dynasty. "How will we survive?" When Aegon Targaryen turned his eye westward and flew his dragons to Blackwater Rush--"The end is near! How will we survive?" And thousands of year before that, during the Long Night, we can forgive them for thinking it truly was the end. But it wasn't. None of it was. The Wall has stood through it all. And every winter that ever came has ended.
MARWYN closes the ledger.
MARWYN: Be a good lad. Clean this up.
MARWYN exits. SAM stares at the body.
SAM rolls in a cart of clean bedpans. He walks over to a sleeping maester and grabs a ring of keys fro his bedside table.
SAM opens the gate, steps through, and closes it behind him.
He grabs several books and stuffs them in a satchel.
BRIENNE: Nope.
They reset. POD advances and they exchange several sword blows but POD missteps again and BRIENNE tags him on the behind. POD grunts.
BRIENNE: Nope.
TORMUND approaches and stares at BRIENNE. BRIENNE looks at him. POD catches her off guard and tags her shoulder with his blade. She punches him in his gut and tosses him in the snow. TORMUND looks at POD.
TORMUND: You're a lucky man.
PETYR BAELISH and SANSA stand on a walkway above the courtyard, watching BRIENNE and POD.
PETYR:  I've heard she beat the Hound in single combat. She's a very impressive woman.
SANSA: What do you want, Lord Baelish?
PETYR: I want you to be happy. I want you to be safe.
SANSA: I am safe. I'm at home, surrounded by friends. I have Brienne to protect me from anyone who would harm me.
PETYR: What about happy? Why aren't you happy? What do you want that you do not have?
SANSA: At the moment, peace and quiet.
BRIENNE walks up the stairs. PETYR motions to speak.
SANSA: No need to seize the last word, Lord Baelish. I'll assume it was something clever.
PETYR looks at BRIENNE.
PETYR: My lady.
PETYR looks at SANSA.
PETYR: My lady.
PETYR walks down the steps and into the courtyard.
BRIENNE: Why is he still here?
SANSA sighs.
SANSA: We need his men. Without the Vale, Ramsay Bolton would still hold this castle. Littlefinger saved us.
BRIENNE nods and watches PETYR walk across the courtyard.
BRIENNE: He wants something.
SANSA: I know exactly what he wants.
MAN (singing): He rode through the streets of the city / Down from his hill on high / O'er the winds and the steps and the cobble / He rode to a woman's sigh / For she was his secret treasure / She was his shame and his bliss / And a chain and a keep are nothing / Compared to a woman's kiss / For hands of gold are always cold / But a woman's hands are warm / For hands of gold are always cold / But a woman's hands are--
ARYA's horse neighs. The men turn to look at her. One stands.
ARYA: That's a pretty song. I've never heard it before.
MAN: It's a new one.
MAN #2: Are you hungry? We've got some rabbit.
ARYA: I don't want to steal your food.
MAN #3: You're not stealing, we're offering. Come on, it's gonna be a cold night.
ARYA dismounts her horse, leads it nearer to the fire, and ties it reigns off on a tree. She approaches the camp.
MAN #3: You heading south?
ARYA: King's Landing.
MAN #2: Poor girl.
The men chuckle.
ARYA: Not so bad, is it?
MAN #3: Depends on your taste, I guess. If you like your streets covered in shit and pig's blood, it's the town for you.
The men chuckle.
MAN #2: All my life, I wanted to see the Red Keep, the Sept of Baelor, the Dragonpit. Then when I finally make it, they wouldn't let me within a mile of the Red Keep, the Sept of Baelor's blown to hell, and the Dragonpit is a damn ruin.
MAN #3: The people who live there, they'd skin you alive if they could make two coppers off your hide.
MAN: Worst place in the world.
ARYA: What are you doing in the Riverlands?
MAN #3: There's been some trouble with the Freys up at The Twins, so we're part of the army that's been sent to keep the peace.
MAN #2: Here you go. Guests first.
MAN #2 passes ARYA a cooked rabbit.
ARYA: Oh, no, I couldn't. You don't have enough.
MAN #2: My mother always told me to be kind to strangers. Strangers will be kind to you.
ARYA pulls some meat of the rabbit's bone and eats it.
ARYA: You're a long way from home. I'm sure you've had some adventures, though.
MAN #2: Yeah, endless adventures. They'll be singing about us for a thousand years.
The men laugh.
MAN #3; The truth is when we left home, we couldn't wait to get away. But now we've been gone a while, we can't wait to get home.
MAN #2: I just think about my dad out there on his boat all alone. I ought o be out there with him.
MAN #3: My wife's just had our first baby.
ARYA: Boy or girl?
MAN #3: Oh, who knows? You think soldiers get ravens with news from home?
The men laugh.
MAN #3: I hope it's a girl.
ARYA: Why?
MAN #3: Girls take care of their papas when their papas grow old. Boys just go off to fight in someone else's wars.
MAN #2: Are you old enough to drink?
ARYA nods. MAN #2 passes a skin of wine to ARYA. She uncorks it and drinks.
MAN #2: It's blackberry wine. I made it myself.
ARYA: It's really good.
MAN #3: So, why is a nice girl on her own heading to King's Landing?
ARYA drinks.
ARYA: I'm going to kill the queen.
The men fall silent, then everyone laughs.
The farm is covered in snow and the wind howls. SANDOR CLEGANE, THOROS OF MYR, BERIC DONDARRION, and several other members of the Brotherhood Without Banners ride into view.
THOROS: Bad night to be outdoors.
SANDOR: You've got real powerful magic to figure that out. Did the Lord of Light whisper that in your ear? "It's snowing, Thoros. It's windy. It's gonna be a cold night."
THOROS: You're a grouchy old bear, aren't you, Clegane? You want some rum?
THOROS holds out a skin of rum to SANDOR.
SANDOR: Don't like that shit. It's too sweet.
THOROS: Why are you always in such a foul mood?
SANDOR: Experience.
The horses all stop.
BERIC: This seems like a good place to spend the night.
They all stare at a nearby farmhouse.
SANDOR: These people don't want us here.
BERIC: Seems deserted to me. No livestock. No smoke coming from the chimney.
BERIC urges his horse onward. The others follow.
SANDOR: I don't like the look of it.
THOROS dismounts his horse.
THOROS: For a big, hard man, you scare easy.
SANDOR: I'll tell you what doesn't scare me: bald cocksuckers like you. You think you're fooling anyone with that top knot? Bald cunt.
THOROS smiles.
THOROS: Come on. Maybe they've got some ale hidden away.
SANDOR: They don't.
Some of the Brothers enter the farmhouse, followed by THOROS.
THOROS: See if there's a larder. They always leave something behind.
The Brothers rummage around the farmhouse. SANDOR enters.
He stares at two skeletons in the corner, one adult-sized and the other child-sized. BERIC enters, sees the skeletons, and walks up beside SANDOR.
BERIC: How do you think it ended for them?
SANDOR: With death.
BERIC: Girl died in her father's arms. Both of them covered in blood and a knife at their feet. I'd say they were starving. And rather than letting his little girl suffer, he ended it for both of them.
SANDOR: Doesn't matter now.
BERIC: No, doesn't matter now.
SANDOR sits at the table. BERIC joins him. SANDOR bites into a hunk of bread. THOROS starts a fire in the fireplace.
SANDOR: I've known you a long time, Dondarrion.
BERIC: Aye. I think the first time we met was at that tournament--
SANDOR: And I always thought you were dull as dirt.
BERIC chuckles.
SANDOR: You're not bad. I don't hate you. Don't like, but you're not bad.
BERIC: Thank you, Clegane. That warms the heart.
SANDOR: But there's nothing special about you.
BERIC: You're right about that.
SANDOR: So why does the Lord of Light keep bringing you back? I've met better men than you, and they've been hanged from crossbeams, or beheaded, or just shat themselves to death in a field somewhere. None of them came back. So, why you?
BERIC: You think I don't ask myself that? Every hour of every day? Why am I here? What am I supposed to do? What does the Lord see in me?
SANDOR: And?
BERIC: I don't know. I don't understand our Lord.
SANDOR: Your Lord.
BERIC: I don't know what He wants from me. I only know that He wants me alive.
SANDOR: If he's so all-powerful, why doesn't he just tell you what the fuck he wants?
THOROS: Clegane.
SANDOR looks at THOROS, who is kneeling by the fire.
THOROS: Come over here. Don't worry. The fire won't bite. I want to show you something.
SANDOR: It's my fucking luck I end up with a band of fire worshippers.
BERIC: Aye. Almost seems like divine justice.
SANDOR: There's no divine justice, you dumb cunt. If there was, you'd be dead...and that girl would be alive.
SANDOR stands and walks closer to the fire.
SANDOR: What do you want?
THOROS: Look into the flames.
SANDOR: I don't want to look in the damn flames.
THOROS: You saw me bring him back from the dead after you cut him down. Don't you want to know what gave me the power?
SANDOR: I keep asking and no one wants to tell me.
THOROS: We can't tell you. Only the fire can tell you.
SANDOR approaches the fire and looks into it.
THOROS: What do you see?
SANDOR: Logs burning.
THOROS: Keep looking. What do you see?
SANDOR's face twists.
SANDOR: Ice. A wall of ice. The Wall.
THOROS: What else?
SANDOR: It's where the Wall meets the sea. There's a castle there.
The fire crackles.
SANDOR: There's a mountain. Looks like an arrowhead. The dead are marching past.
BERIC stands and approaches the fire.
SANDOR: Thousands of them.
BERIC: Do you believe me now, Clegane? Do you believe we're here for a reason?
Thoros wakes to the sound of shoveling. He picks up his sword and a lantern and exits the farmhouse. SANDOR is outside digging a grave.
THOROS: What the hell are you doing, Clegane?
SANDOR plants his shovel in the ground.
SANDOR: Burying the dead.
SANDOR walks over to the body of the child, lifts it up, kneels down, and places it in the hole.
THOROS: You knew these people.
SANDOR: Not really.
SANDOR stands, walks over to the body of the adult, lifts it up, kneels down, and places it in the hole. Then he stands and starts shoveling dirt into the hole. THOROS plants his sword in the ground and puts down his lantern, then picks up a shovel and begins helping SANDOR bury the bodies. When they're finished,
they stand over the grave.
SANDOR: We ask the Father to judge us with mercy. We ask the Mother to... Fuck it, I don't remember the rest. I'm sorry you're dead. You deserved better. Both of you.
SANDOR tosses down his shovel and exits. THOROS watches him leave.
LITTLE SAM: Mom.
GILLY turns to SAM.
GILLY: You should really sleep, Sam.
SAM: The dead don't.
GILLY stands, carries a book over to the table, and sits.
GILLY: "Legends of the Long Night."
GILLY opens the book.
SAM: The Targaryens used dragonglass to decorate their weapons without even knowing what the First Men used it for.
SAM sighs and turns the page. There is a diagram of a knife on the page. He turns the page again. There is a map on the page. SAM looks more closely at the map.
GILLY: What is it?
SAM: It's a map of Dragonstone. The Targaryens built their first stronghold there when they invaded Westeros.
SAM points to a section of the map depicting a cave surrounded by a black mass.
GILLY: That's dragonglass?
SAM: A mountain of it. Beneath the ground. Stannis told me, but I didn't think... This is important. Jon needs to know.
SAM grabs a quill and begins writing.
SAM wheels a cart along the hall. He removes a bowl from a folded-out plank in the door beside him and folds the plank back up. He puts the bowl on the cart and pushes it further down the hall. He approaches the next door, picks up the bowl, and folds in the plank. A man can be heard vomiting and coughing inside. SAM puts the bowl on the cart and pushes it further down the hall. He approaches the next door and reaches for the bowl, but a hand lurches out from the hole in the door and grabs the bowl. SAM jumps backwards and gasps. The arm of the person behind the door is covered in grayscale, revealing it belongs to JORAH MORMONT. JORAH drops the bowl on the floor.
JORAH: Has she come yet?
SAM: Who?
JORAH: The Dragon Queen. Daenerys Stormborn.
SAM: Haven't heard anything.
JORAH pulls his hand back inside the cell. SAM approaches and folds up the plank.
Everyone gets out of the rowboat. DAENERYS walks on ahead. She kneels down and presses her palm to the sand, then stares up at the castle and walks further down the beach. The others follow. They climb the steps and approach a gate flanked by two statues of dragon heads. Two Unsullied approach the gate and push it open, revealing a walkway up to the castle. DAENERYS, TYRION, MISSANDEI, GREY WORM, and VARYS walk through the gates and up the walkway. They enter the foyer. A tapestry bearing the stag sigil of House Baratheon is hanging off to the side. DAENERYS approaches it and tears it down. DAENERYS approaches a set of doors. Two Unsullied open them for her. She enters the throne room, followed by the others. VARYS and MISSANDEI stop following her. GREY WORM starts to continue onward but MISSANDEI puts her hand on his chest to stop him. DAENERYS approaches the throne and stares at it. TYRION looks around the hall. DAENERYS ascends the steps but walks past the throne into the Chamber of the Painted Table. TYRION follows. DAENERYS walks alongside the table and runs her fingers across it. TYRION walks alongside the table opposite her and stares at the dragon carvings on the wall. DAENERYS stands at the head of the table and stares down at the map of Westeros. TYRION looks at her.
DAENERYS: Shall we begin?
CREDITS
TYRION: On a night like this, you came into the world.
VARYS: I remember that storm. All the dogs in King's Landing howled through the night.
DAENERYS: I wish I could remember it.
DAENERYS turns away from the window and walks over to the table.
DAENERYS: I always thought this would be a homecoming. It doesn't feel like home.
TYRION: We won't stay on Dragonstone for long.
DAENERYS: Good.
DAENERYS looks at the figurines placed on the table
DAENERYS: Not so many lions.
VARYS: Cersei controls fewer than half the Seven Kingdoms. The lord of Westeros despise her. Even before your arrival, they plotted against her. Now...
DAENERYS: They cry out for their true queen? They drink secret toasts to my health?
DAENERYS walks closer to VARYS.
DAENERYS: People used to tell my brother that sort of thing, and he was stupid enough to believe them.
DAENERYS picks up a dragon figurine from the table.
DAENERYS: If Viserys had three dragons and an army at his back, he'd have invaded King's Landing already.
TYRION: Conquering Westeros would be easy for you. But you're not here to be queen of the ashes.
DAENERYS: No.
DAENERYS puts down the dragon figurine.
TYRION: We can take the Seven Kingdoms without turning it into a slaughterhouse. If the great houses support your claim against Cersei, the game is won. With the Tyrell army and the Dornish on our side, we have powerful allies in the south.
DAENERYS looks at VARYS.
DAENERYS: I never properly thanked you for that.
VARYS: They joined our side, my queen, because they believe in you.
DAENERYS: You served my father, didn't you, Lord Varys?
VARYS: I did.
DAENERYS: And then you served the man who overthrew him?
VARYS: I had a choice, Your Grace--serve Robert Baratheon or face the headman's axe.
DAENERYS: But you didn't serve him long. You turned against him.
VARYS: Robert was an improvement on your father, to be sure. There have been few rulers in history as cruel as the Mad King. Robert was neither mad nor cruel. He simply had no interest in being king.
DAENERYS: So you took it upon yourself to find a better one.
TYRION: Your Grace, when I was ready to drink myself into a small coffin, Lord Varys told me about a queen in the east who--
DAENERYS (to VARYS): Before I came to power, you favored my brother. All your spies, your little birds, did they tell you Viserys was cruel, stupid, and weak? Would those qualities have made for a good king in your learned opinion?
VARYS: Until your marriage to Khal Drogo, Your Grace, I knew nothing about you, save your existence and that you were said to be beautiful.
DAENERYS: So you and your friends traded me like a prized horse to the Dothraki.
VARYS: Which you turned to your advantage.
DAENERYS: Who gave the order to kill me?
VARYS: King Robert.
DAENERYS: Who hired the assassins?
DAENERYS walks closer to VARYS.
DAENERYS: Who sent word to Essos to murder Daenerys Targaryen?
VARYS: Your Grace, I did what had to be done to--
DAENERYS: To keep yourself alive.
TYRION: Lord Varys has proven himself a loyal servant.
DAENERYS: Proven himself loyal? Quite the opposite. If he dislikes one monarch, he conspires to crown the next one. What king of a servant is that?
VARYS: The kind the realm needs. Incompetence should not be rewarded with blind loyalty. As long as I have my eyes, I'll use them. I wasn't born into a great house. I came from nothing. I was sold as a slave and carved up as an offering. When I was a child, I lived in alleys, gutters, abandoned houses. You wish to know where my true loyalties lie? Not with any king or queen, but with the people. The people who suffer under despots and prosper under just rule. The people whose hearts you aim to win. If you demand blind allegiance, I respect your wishes. Grey Worm can behead me or your dragons can devour me. But if you let me live, I will serve you well. I will dedicate myself to seeing you on the Iron Throne because I choose you. Because I know the people have no better chance than you.
DAENERYS: Swear this to me, Varys. If you ever think I'm failing the people, you won't conspire behind my back. You'll look me in the eye as you have done today, and you'll tell me how I'm failing them.
VARYS: I swear it, my queen.
DAENERYS: And I swear this--if you ever betray me, I'll burn you alive.
VARYS smiles.
VARYS: I would expect nothing less from the Mother of Dragons.
GREY WORM: Forgive me, my queen. A red priestess from As'shai has come to see you.
MELISANDRE is standing alone in the throne room. DAENERYS enters, accompanied by TYRION, VARYS, MISSANDEI, and GREY WORM. They approach MELISANDRE.
MELISANDRE begins speaking Valyrian.
MELISANDRE:  Queen Daeneys, I was a slave once, bought and sold, scourged and branded.  It is an honor to meet the Breaker of Chains.
DAENERYS:  The Red Priests helped bring peace to Meereen.  You are very welcome here.  What is your name?
MELISANDRE:  I am called Melisandre.
VARYS begins speaking English.
VARYS:  She once served another who wanted the Iron Throne.  It didn't end well for Stannis Baratheon, did it?
MELISANDRE:  No, it didn't.
DAENERYS:  You chose an auspicious day to arrive at Dragonstone.
DAENERYS turns to look at Varys.
DAENERYS:  We've just decided to pardon those who served the wrong king.
VARYS bows his head to DAENERYS.  DAENERYS turns back to MELISANDRE.
DAENERYS:  The Lord of Light doesn't have  many followers in Westeros, does he?
MELISDANDRE:  Not yet.   But even those who don't worship the Lord can serve his cause.
DAENERYS:  What does your Lord expect from me?
MELISANDRE begins speaking Valyrian again.
MELISANDRE:  The Long Night is coming.  Only the prince who was promised can bring the dawn.
DAENERYS speaking in English.
DAENERYS:  The prince who was promised will bring the dawn.  I'm afraid I'm not a prince.
MISSANDEI:  Your Grace, forgive me, but your translation is not quite accurate.  That noun has no gender in High Valyrian, so the proper translation for that prophecy would be the prince or princess who was promised will bring the dawn.
TYRION:  Doesn't really roll off the tongue, does it?
DAENERYS:  No, but I like it better.
DAENERYS turns back to MELISANDRE.
DAENERYS:  And you believe this prophecy refers to me?
MELISANDRE:  Prophecies are dangerous things.  I believe you have a role to play, as does another.  The King in the North, Jon Snow.
TYRION:  Jon Snow?  Ned Stark's bastard?
DAENERYS:  You know him?
TYRION:  I traveled with him to the Wall when he joined the Night's Watch.
VARYS:  And why do you think the Lord of Light singled out this Jon Snow aside from the visions you've seen in the flames, that is?
MELISANDRE:  As Lord Commander of the Night's Watch he allowed the Wildlings south of the Wall to protect them from great danger.  As King in the North he has united those Wildlings with the northern houses so together they may face their common enemy.
DAENERYS:  He sounds like quite a man.
MELISANDRE:  Summon Jon Snow.  Let him stand before you and tell you things that have happened to him, the things that he has seen with his own eyes.
TYRION:  I can't speak to prophecies or visions in the flames, but I like Jon Snow and I trusted him, and I am an excellent judge of character.
DARNERYS smiles at Tyrion.
TYRION:  If he does rule the north, he would make a valuable ally.  The Lannisters executed his father and conspired to murder his brother.  Jon Snow has even more reason to hate Cersei than you do.
DAENERYS pauses for a moment.
DAENERYS:  Very well.  Send a raven north.  Tell Jon Snow that his Queen invites him to come to Drangonstone...and bend the knee.
Young boys and girls are practicing archery.  JON, SANSA and DAVOS stand on the upper level watching the training.
SANSA:  Do you think it's really Tyrion?  It could be someone trying to lure you into a trap.
JON:  Read the last bit.
SANSA:  "All dwarfs are bastards in their father's eyes."  What does that mean?
JON:  It's something he said to me the first night we met.  You know him better than any of us.  What do you think?
SANSA:  Tyrion is not like the other Lannisters.  He was always kind to me, but it's too great a risk.  "The Seven Kingdoms will bleed as long as Cersei sits on the Iron Throne.  Join us.  Together we can end her tyranny."
DAVOS:  Sounds like a charmer.  Of course, the casual mention of a Dothraki horde, a legion of Unsullied and three dragons, a bit less charming.
DAVOS pauses to ponder something.
JON:  What?
DAVOS:  Fire kills Whites, you told me.  What breathes fire?
SANSA:  You're not suggesting Jon meet with her?
DAVOS:  No, too dangerous.
JON:  But?
DAVOS:  But if the Army of the Dead makes it passed the Wall, do we have enough men to fight them?
JON gazes back to the courtyard looking concerned.
CERSEI sits on the Iron Throne.  She is surrounded by JAIME, QYBURN, THE MOUNTAIN and members of her Queensguard.  Many lords are in attendance including RANDYLL TARLEY.
CERSEI:  If the Mad King's daughter takes the Iron Throne, she will destroy the Realm as we know it.  Some of you are bannermen of House Tyrell.  But House Tyrell is in open rebellion against the Crown.  With their help the Mad King's daughter has ferried an army of savages to our shores.  Mindless Unsullied soldiers who will destroy your castles and your holdfasts.  Dothraki heathens who will burn your villages to the ground, rape and enslave your women, and butcher your children without a second thought.  This is how Olenna Tyrell rewards centuries of service and loyalty.
The lords begin murmuring amongst themselves.
CERSEI:  You all remember the Mad King.  You remember the horrors he inflicted upon his people.  His daughter is no different.  In Essos her brutality is already legendary.  She crucified hundreds of noblemen in Slaver's Bay.  And when she grew bored of that, she fed them to her dragons.
The lords murmur louder
CERSEI:  It is my solemn duty to protect the people, and I will but I need your help, My Lords.  We must stand together, all of us, if we hope to stop her.
RANDYLL TARLEY slowly approaches the throne.
RANDYLL:  She has three full-grown dragons, Your Grace.  The same as Aegon when he conquered the Seven Kingdoms.  How do you propose to stop them?
CERSEI glances over to QYBURN.
QYBURN:  We are currently at work on a solution, My Lord.
The meeting disbands.  All the lords walk out into the hall outside of the throne room.  JAIME approaches RANDYLL TARLEY and begins to walk with him.
JAIME:  Lord Tarley.
RANDYLL:  Ser, Jaime.  I believe you know my son.
DICKON:  Ser, Jaime.
JAIME:  Rickon, isn't it?
DICKON:  Dickon.
JAIME:  That's it.
JAIME walks past Dickon and begins a discussion with Randyll
JAIME:  Thank you for coming.  The other lords of the Reach look to you for guidance now more than ever.  They might not have come if you hadn't.
RANDYLL:  If my queen summons me, I answer the call.  And I've heard what she does to those that defy her.
JAIME and RANDYLL walk to an unoccupied hallway and continue their conversation.
JAIME:  Do you ride for Hornhill today?
RANDYLL:  I have an army to mobilize.  It won't be long until the fighting starts.
JAIME:  And what side will you be fighting for?  You were the only man to defeat Robert Baratheon in battle.  Not even Rhaegar Targaryen could --
RANDYLL:  It's a long ride back to the reach, Ser Jaime.  How may I serve?
JAIME:  I want you to be my ranking general in the wars to come.  I want you to swear allegiance to Cersei and I want you to help her destroy her enemies.  All of her enemies.
RANDYLL:  Including Olenna Tyrell?  I'm a Tarley.  That name means something.  We're not oath breakers.  We're not schemers.  We don't stab our rivals in the back or cut their throats at weddings.   I swore an oath to House Tyrell.
JAIME:  You swore an oath to the Crown as well, Lord Tarley.
RANDYLL:  I've known Olenna since I was a child.
JAIME:  She was a great woman, once.  Now she's broken.  She wants revenge so badly she brought the Dothraki to our shores.  The Dothraki in Westeros for the first time in history.  I know you don't like my sister, but you have to make a choice.  Do you fight with us or with the foreign savages and eunuchs?
RANDYLL nods his head in agreement
JAIME:  When the war is won the queen will need a new warden of the south.  I can think of no better man than Randyll Tarley.
ARCHMAESTER MARWYN, SAMWELL and JORAH are standing together in the quarantine room.  JORAH's upper body is covered in Greyscale except his face.
MARWYN:  The infection has spread too far.  You should have cut off your arm the moment you were touched.
JORAH:  How long?
MARWYN:  It will be years before it kills you.  It could be 10, could be 20.
JORAH:  But how long 'till...
MARWYN:  Your mind?  Six months, maybe fewer.
JORAH sighs and sits down on his bed.  SAMWELL approaches MARWYN.
SAMWELL: Pardon, Archmaester.  I met Stannis Baratheon's daughter at Castle Black.  She had Greyscale as a baby and was cured.  Isn't there some way --
MARWYN:  Does this look like a baby to you?
SAMWELL:  No.
MARWYN:  Have you studied the varying rates of Greyscale progression in infants and fully grown men?
SAMWELL:  No.
MARWYN:  Maester Chrissen discovered Shireen Baratheon's affliction immediately.
MARWYN turns to face JORAH.
MARWYN:  This is quite advanced and beyond our skills, Ser.  Were you a commoner I'd have you shipped to Valyria at once to live out your life with the Stone Men.  As an anointed Knight I'll allow you one more day.  How you choose to spend that time is up to you.
JORAH nods his head.  MARWYN turns to leave the room and begins walking to the door.
MARWYN:  Come, Samwell.
SAMWELL:  Should we send word to your family, Ser...
JORAH:  Jorah.  Jorah Mormont.
SAMWELL:  Mormont?
JORAH:  There's no need.  I've been dead to them for years.
MARWYN is waiting for SAMWELL in the hallway
MARWYN:  Come, Samwell.
SAMWELL turns and walks out of the room.  He closes the door to the quarantine room.
QYBURN and CERSEI are walking along the torch lit dungeon passing the dragon skulls.
QYBURN:  Have you ever been down here, Your Grace?
CERSEI:  No, I can't say I have.  I haven't seen these since Robert had them removed from the Throne Room.
QYBURN:  Curious that King Robert did not have them destroyed.
CERSEI:  They were his trophies.  He couldn't keep them around.  They would have made him look small.  Sometimes he would come down here and look at them.  I believe he brought his whores on occasion.
QYBURN and CERSEI arrive at the end of the dungeon.  They are looking at the largest dragon skull in the room.
QYBURN:  Balerion the Dread.  The beast that Aegon rode across the sea.  Its flames forged the Iron Throne and brought the Seven Kingdoms to heel.  Powerful, but not invincible.
QYBURN turns and starts walking away from the dragon skull.
QYBURN:  Apparently one of Daenarys' dragons was wounded by spears in the fighting pits of Meereen.  If they can be wounded, they can be killed.
QYBURN walks up to a machine covered by a cloth.  He reaches up and removes the cloth revealing an artillery-sized crossbow aimed at Balerion's skull.
QYBURN:  The finest artilleters and blacksmiths in King's Landing have been laboring day and night, Your Grace.  If you'd kindly pull that lever.
CERSEI releases a lever on the machine and launches a giant bolt directly into Balerion's eye socket.  The bolt buries deep into the skull and gets stuck.  CERSEI stands behind the machine smirking.
DAENERYS, YARA GREYJOY, THEON GREYJOY, ELLARIA SAND, OLENNA TYRELL, VARYS, GREY WORM, MISSANDEI, and TYRION LANNISTER are standing around a carved table of Westeros having a discussion.
YARA:  If you want the Iron Throne, take it.  We have an army, a fleet, and three dragons.  We should hit King's Landing now.  Hard.  With everything we have.  The city will fall within a day.
TYRION:  If we turn the dragons loose, tens of thousands will die in the firestorms.
ELLARIA looks at TYRION with disgust.
ELLARIA:  It's called war.  You don't have the stomach for it, scurry back into hiding.
TYRION:    I know how you wage war.  We don't poison little girls here.  Myrcella was innocent.
ELLARIA:  She was a Lannister.  There are no innocent Lannisters.  My greatest regret is that Oberyn died fighting for you.
DAENERYS:  That's enough.  Tyrion is the Hand of the Queen.  You will treat him with respect.
DAENERYS pauses for a moment.
DAENERYS:  I am not here to be queen of the ashes.
OLENNA addresses DAENERYS from across the table.
OLENNA:  That's very nice to hear.  Of course, I can't remember a queen who was better loved than my grand daughter.  The common people loved her, the nobles loved her.  And what is left of her now?  Ashes.  Commoners, nobles, they're all just children really.  They won't obey you unless they fear you.
DAENERYS:  I'm grateful to you, Lady Olenna, for your council.  I'm grateful to all of you.  But you have chosen to follow me.  I will not attack King's Landing.  We will not attack King's Landing.
OLEANNA:  Then how do you mean to take the Iron Throne?  By asking nicely?
DAENERYS:  We will lay siege to the capital surrounding the city on all sides.  Cersei will have the Iron Throne but no food for her army or the people.
TYRION:  But we won't use Dothraki and Unsullied.
TYRION begins walking around the carved table of Westeros.
TYRION:  Cersei will try to rally the lords of Westeros by appealing to their loyalty, their love for their country.  If we besiege the city with foreigners, we prove her point.  Our army should be Westerosi.
ELLIA:  And I suppose we're providing the Westerosi?
TYRION:  You are.
TYRION reaches down and picks up a figurine that resembles a Kraken in a longship.
TYRION:  Lady Greyjoy will escort you home to Sunspear and her Iron Fleet will ferry the Dornish army back up to King's Landing.
TYRION walks to the south of the map and picks up a figurine that resembles a sun.  He takes both figurines and places them at King's Landing.
TYRION:  The Dornish will lay siege to the capital alongside the Tyrell army.  Two great kingdoms united against Cersei.
OLENNA:  So, your master plan is to use our armies?  Forgive me for asking, but why did you bother to bring your own?
TYRION reaches down and picks up the figurine resembling an Unsullied helmet.  He begins walking back around the map of Westeros.
TYRION:  The unsullied will have another objective.  For decades House Lannister has been the true power in Westeros.  And the seat of that power is Casterly Rock.  Grey Worm and the Unsullied will sail for the Rock and take it.
TYRION stops in front of Casterly Rock.  There is a figurine that resembles a lion.  He knocks the lion over with the Unsullied figurine.  Everyone in the room nods in agreement.
DAENERYS:  Do I have your support?
YARA:  You have mine.
ELLIA:  Dorne is with you, Your Grace.
Lady Olenna nods her head in agreement.
DAENERYS:  Thank you all.  Lady Olenna, may I speak with you alone?
Everyone except DAENERYS and OLENNA leave the Chamber of the Painted Table.  DAENERYS walks to the end and sits next to OLENNA.
DAENERYS:  I realize you're here out of hatred for Cersei and not love for me.  But I swear to you she will pay for what she's done and we will bring peace back to Westeros.
OLENNA:  Peace.  Do you think that's what we had under your father or his father or his?  Peace never lasts, my dear.  Would you take a bit of advice from an old woman?
DAENERYS nods her hod in agreement
OLENNA:  He's a clever man, your Hand.  I've known a great many clever men.  I've outlived them all.  Do you know why?  I ignored them.  The lords of Westeros are sheep.  Are you a sheep?  No.  You're a dragon.  Be a dragon.
GREY WORM is sitting sharpening his sword.  Someone knocks on his door.  He begins speaking Valyrian.
GREY WORM:   Enter.
MISSANDEI walks in.  She speaks in English.
MISSANDEI:  You leave tomorrow.  Were you going to say goodbye?
GREY WORM:  I will see you when I return.
MISSANDEI:  But you don't know when that will be.
GREYWORM:  No one knows.
MISSANDEI:  I wish you good fortune.
MISSANDEI turns and starts to walk out of the room.
GREY WORM:  Missandei --
MISSANDEI stops and turns back towards GREY WORM.
GREY WORM:  It is hard for me to say goodbye to you.
MISSANDEI:  Why?
GREY WORM:  You know why.
MISSANDEI:  I don't.
GREY WORM:  You are my weakness.
MISSANDEI appears offended.
MISSANDEI:  That's what I am?  Your weakness?
GREY WORM:  When Unsullied are young their masters learn their fears.  One boy is scared of dogs.  One boy hates high places.  One is frightened of the ocean.  They make the boy sleep with dogs or climb a cliff.  They throw him in the water.  If he learns to swim, good.  If he drowns, good.  Either way, strong Unsullied.  But I had no fears.  I was never the biggest, never the strongest, but I was bravest always.
MISSANDEI:  I believe it.
GREY WORM:  Until I meet Missandei from the Isle of Naarth.  Now I have fear.
MISSANDEI:  I do too.
GREY WORM steps forward and kisses MISSANDEI.  MISSANDEI grabs his hands and stops him.  She begins to undress herself.  MISSANDEI steps forward and begins to undress GREY WORM.
GREY WORM:  No.
MISSANDEI:  I want to see you.  Please.
GREY WORM hesitates for a moment, then nods his head in agreement.  MISSANDEI finishes undressing GREY WORM.  Sex scene ensues.
MARWYN and SAMWELL are walking by various shelves in the library.  SAMWELL is carrying a stack of books for MARWYN.
MARWYN:  It might be useful.  Fouthen was a dreadful writer but an excellent researcher.
SAMWELL:  Archmaester, I wanted to --
MARWYN:  And this one.
MARWYN places another book on the stack SAMWELL is carrying.
MARWYN:  Maester Faol was quite the opposite.  A brilliant stylist who invented half the stories he tells.
MARWYN continues walking
SAMWELL:  I wanted to ask you --
MARWYN:  If you need to write histories, Tarley, you have to do the research.  If you want people to read your histories, you need a bit of style.  I'm not writing the Chronicle of the Wars Following the Death of King Robert the First so it can sit on a shelf unread.
SAMWELL says nothing.
MARWYN: What?  You don't like the title?  What would you call it then?
SAMWELL:  Possibly something a bit more poetic?
MARWYN:  We're not poets, Tarley.
SAMWELL:  Archmaester, if I could just have a moment.
MARWYN:  This is your moment.  Use it wisely.
MARWYN begins looking through books on the shelf.
SAMWELL:  I may have found a way to treat Ser Jorah.  There are two recorded cases of advanced Greyscale being cured.  I found the procedure in the Study of Rare Diseases by Archmaester Pilos.
MARWYN places a book on SAMWELL's stack.  He continues looking at more books.
MARWYN:  I'm familiar with Archmaester Pylos and the Study of Rare Diseases.
SAMWELL:  Oh, you are?
MARWYN:  Yes.  Should I tell you how he died?  From Greyscale.
MARWYN places another book on SAMWELL's stack.
SAMWELL:  Oh.
MARWYN:  The procedure is far too dangerous which is why it's now forbidden.
MARWYN turns and walks out of the library.
CUT TO: QUARANTINE ROOMS
A few hours have passed.  JORAH is writing a letter to DAENERYS by candlelight in his quarantine room.  He hears a noise in the hallway and stands to face the door.  SAMWELL opens the door and rolls in a cart filled with medical tools and containers.
SAMWELL:  Hello.
JORAH:  What are you doing?
SAMWELL:  You're Jorah Mormont.  You're the only son of Jeor Mormont.
SAMWELL picks up a roll of leather and sets it on the table.  He unrolls it revealing an assortment of scalpels and knives.
SAMWELL:  My name is Samwell Tarley.  I'm a sworn brother of the Night's Watch training to serve as maester of Castle Black.  I knew your father.  I was with him when he died.  You're not dying today, Ser Jorah.
SAMWELL picks up a large flask and hands it to JORAH.
SAMWELL:  Drink this.
JORAH:  What is it?
SAMWELL:  Rum.  Drink it all, please.  I'm afraid this is going to hurt.
JORAH reaches for the bottle.  SAMWELL grabs it back and drinks some himself before handing it back to JORAH.  JORAH drains the flask.  SAMWELL picks up a thick book from the medical cart and sets it on the table.
SAMWELL:  If you could take off your shirt.
SAMWELL gives JORAH a strap made of leather.
SAMWELL:  If you wouldn't mind, bite down hard.  I'm sorry but no one knows I'm here.  If they hear you screaming then we're both finished.
JORAH:  Have you ever done this before?
SAMWELL:  No.  No one else will try, so I'm the best you've got.  Have a seat.  I'm going to remove the entire layer of infected tissue, then apply a medicinal ointment to the --
JORAH looks at SAMWELL to stop him from explaining.  SAMWELL picks up a pair of tweezers and a scalpel.  He grabs a section of Greyscale to cut it off.  JORAH recoils in pain.
SAMWELL:  Shh,  shhh.  Again, I'm sorry.  Please try not to scream.
SAMWELL cuts into the Greyscale.  JORAH begins to writhe in agony and whimper.  Pus is dripping from the wound.  SAMWELL continues cutting and slices a layer of Greyscale off JORAH's skin.
CUT TO:  INN AT THE CROSSROADS
Two men are at a table having a conversation.
MAN #1:  They say her dragons are bigger than Aegons.
MAN #2:  Horse shit.  Cersei is just trying to frighten us.
MAN #1:  If it's true, if she lays siege to King's Landing prices will triple.
The camera zooms out showing Arya eavesdropping on the men.
MAN #2:  As long as we get back there before they start.
MAN #1:  One more round.  It's a long ride.
A waiter approaches Arya's table.
HOT PIE:  Ary!
ARYA:  Hello, Hot Pie.  Sit down.  Who's that for?
Arya reaches over and grabs a potpie from the tray and starts eating it.
ARYA:  Mmm.  This is good.
HOT PIE:    You think so?  The secret is browning the butter before making the dough.  Most people don't don't do that because it takes up too much time.
ARYA:  I didn't do that.
HOT PIE:  You've been making pies?
ARYA:  One or two.
HOT PIE:  I can't believe you're here.  Did you meet the big lady?
ARYA:  Big lady?
HOT PIE:  The lady knight.  I figured she was a knight because she had armor on.  She was looking for your sister but I told her about you.  Did she ever find you?
ARYA:  She found me.
HOT PIE:  What happened to you Ary?
ARYA pauses and doesn't answer HOT PIE.
ARYA:  You got any ale?
Hot Pie starts to reach for a pitcher on the tray.  Arya reaches over and grabs it before him, pouring herself a cup.
HOT PIE:  Where are you heading?
ARYA:  King's Landing.
HOT PIE:  Why?
ARYA:  I heard Cersei's queen now.
HOT PIE:  I heard she blew up the Great Sept.  That must have been something to see.  Boom.
ARYA:  Hmm.
Arya nods in agreement.
HOT PIE:  I can't believe someone could do that.
ARYA:  Cersei would do that.
HOT PIE:  I thought you'd be heading for Winterfell.
ARYA:  Why would I go there?  The Boltons have it.
HOT PIE:  No.  The Boltons are dead.
Arya stops eating and drops her food.
ARYA:  What?
HOT PIE:  Jon Snow came down from Castle Black with a Wildling army and won the Battle of the Bastards.  He's King in the North now.
ARYA:  You're lying.
HOT PIE:  Why would I lie about that?  He's your brother right?
ARYA starts picking up her things to leave.
ARYA:  Thanks for the pie.
Arya reaches to her side and produces a bag of gold.  She starts to open the pouch.
HOT PIE:  Friends don't pay.  I can't believe I thought you were a boy.  You're pretty.
ARYA:  Thanks.
Arya stands and walks past Hot Pie.  She turns and puts her hand on his shoulder.
ARYA:  Take care of yourself, Hot Pie.  Try not to get killed.
HOT PIE:  No, I won't.  I'm like you, Ary.  I'm a survivor.
ARYA turns and exits the Inn
CUT TO:  EXT. INN AT THE CROSSROADS
ARYA climbs on her horse.  She looks towards the south, then the north.  She makes a decision and turns around to head back north.  She rides off into the distance.
JON is bent over his desk looking at maps.  There's a knock at the door.
JON:  Come in.
WOLKAN:  A raven, My King, from the Citadel.
JON begins reading the scroll.
The room is filled with northern lords and ladies including SANSA, JON, BRIENNE, LYANNA MORMONT, ROBETT GLOVER, YOHN ROYCE, and PETER BAELISH.  JON is standing in the great hall holding a message up for the lords to see.
JON:  This message was sent to me by Samwell Tarley.  He was my brother at the Night's Watch.  A man I trust as much as anyone in this world.  He's discovered proof that Dragonstone sits on a mountain of Dragonglass.
The lords murmur amongst themselves.  JON hands the first note to ROBETT GLOVER.  JON holds up a different note for the lords to see.
JON:  I received this a few days ago from Dragonstone.  It was sent to me by Tyrion Lannister.
The lords murmur louder.
JON:  He's now Hand of the Queen to Daenerys Targaryen.  She intends to take the Iron Throne from Cersei Lannister.  She has a powerful army at her back and if this message is to be believed, three dragons.
The lords speak among themselves and look concerned.
JON:  Lord Tyrion has invited me to Dragonstone to meet with Daenerys and I'm going to accept.
There is a negative outcry from the lords gathered in the hall
JON:  We need this Dragonglass, My Lords.  We know that Dragonglass can destroy both White Walkers and their army.  We need to mine it and turn it into weapons.
The lords nod in agreement
JON:  But more importantly, we need allies.  The Night King's army grows larger by the day.  We can't defeat them on our own.  We don't have the numbers.  Daenerys has her own army and she has dragon fire.  I need to try and persuade her to fight with us.  Ser Davos and I will ride for White Harbor tomorrow, then sail for Dragonstone.
SANSA:  Have you forgotten what happened to our grandfather?  The Mad King invited him to King's Landing and roasted him alive.
JON:  I know that.
SANSA:  She is here to reclaim the Iron Throne and the Seven Kingdoms.  The north is one of those seven kingdoms.  This isn't an invitation, it's a trap.
JON:  It could be, but I don't believe Tyrion would do that.  You know him.  He's a good man.
YOHN ROYCE stands up and turns to face JON.
YOHN ROYCE:  Your Grace, with respect I must agree with Lady Sansa.  I remember the Mad King all too well.  A Targaryen cannot be trusted, nor can a Lannister.
The lords shout in agreement.
ROBETT GLOVER:  We called your brother king, and then he rode south and lost his kingdom.
LYANNA MORMONT:  Winter is here, Your Grace.  We need the King in the North in the north.
The lords pound the tables in agreement.
JON:  You all crowned me your king.  I never wanted it, I never asked for it, but I accepted it because the north is my home.  It's part of me and I will never stop fighting for it, no matter the odds.  But the odds are against us.  None of you have seen the Army of the Dead.  None of you.  We can never hope to defeat them alone.  We need allies, powerful allies.  I know it's a risk.  But I have to take it.
SANSA:  Then send an emissary.  Don't go yourself.
JON:  Daenerys is a queen.  Only a king can convince her to help us.  It has to be me.
SANSA:  You're abandoning your people.  Your abandoning your home.
JON:  I'm leaving both in good hands.
SANSA:  Whose?
JON:  Yours.  You are my sister.  You are the only Stark in Winterfell.  Until I return, the north is yours.
JON stands in the torchlit crypt looking at a statue of Ned Stark.  LORD BAELISH approaches him.
BAELISH:  I delivered his bones myself.  I presented them to Lady Catlyn as a gesture of goodwill from Tyrion Lannister.  It seems like a lifetime ago.  Do give Lord Tyrion my best when you see him.
Baelish looks up at the statue of Ned Stark.
BAELISH:  I was sorry when he died.  Your father and I had our differences but he loved Cat very much.  So did I.  She wasn't fond of you, was she?  Well, it appears she vastly underestimated you.  Your father and brothers are gone, yet here you stand King in the North.  Last best hope against the coming storm.
JON turns to face BAELISH.
JON:  You don't belong down here.
BAELISH:  Forgive me.  We have never talked properly.  I wanted to remedy that.
JON:  I have nothing to say to you.
BAELISH:  Not even thank you?  If it weren't for me you'd have been slaughtered at that battlefield.  You have many enemies, My King, but I swear to you I'm not one of them.  I love Sansa as I loved her mother.
JON grabs BAELISH by the throat and pushes him against the wall.  BAELISH begins choking.
JON:  Touch my sister and I'll kill you myself.
JON releases BAELISH.  JON turns and walks to exit the crypt.
JON walks into the courtyard towards his horse.  SER DAVOS is seated on his own horse awaiting him.  JON climbs onto his horse and looks back.  He sees SANSA on the upper level of the courtyard.  JON waves goodbye and SANSA waves back.  JON, DAVOS and Winterfell guards ride out of the gate and exit the courtyard.  BAELISH exits from the crypt looking shaken.
CUT TO:  RIVERLANDS
ARYA is building a fire.  Her horse is tied to a tree.  The horse begins to whinny.  ARYA stands and grabs her sword from beside the fire.  Multiple wolves come from the woods and begin to circle her.  A large grey and white dire wolf approaches her barring teeth.
ARYA:  Nymeria?
ARYA sets her sword down and begins to approach the dire wolf.
ARYA:  Nymeria, it's me, Arya.  I'm heading north, girl, back to Winterfell.  I'm finally going home.  Come with me.
ARYA stretches her hand out towards the dire wolf.
ARYA:  Come with me.
The dire wolf turns and begins to leave.  All the other wolves walk away with it.  ARYA whispers to herself.
ARYA:  That's not you.
CUT TO:  SEA OF DORNE
It's nighttime.  There are dozens of ships sailing on the Sea of Dorne.
ELLARIA SAND's daughters TYENE, OBARA, and NYMERIA are laying in hammocks next to each other having a conversation.
NYMERIA:  You can't have them all.  It's not fair.
OBARA:  I'm oldest.
TYENE:  Momma will want Cersei for herself.
OBARA:  She's not my momma.  You can have Cersei.  I want The Mountain.
NYMERIA:  The Mountain killed father.  He'll crush you with one hand.
TYENE: Father got careless.  That's what Momma says.
OBARA:  Will you shut up about Momma?  Momma, momma.
OBARA begins mocking TYENE.
TYENE:  Maybe I'll kill you both before we take King's Landing and then I won't have to share.
OBARA and NYMERIA mock TYENE in unison.
YARA GREYJOY, ELLARIA SAND are seated at a table drinking together.  THEON GREYJOY is standing next to them.
ELLARIA:  How can you drink this piss?  When we reach Sunspear I'll treat you to a Dornish red, the best in the world.  Have you ever been to Dorne?
YARA:  A few times.  Never stayed long.
ELLARIA:   A boy in every port?
YARA:  A boy, a girl.  Depends on the port.
ELLARIA:  Could we get some more?
ELLARIA hands her empty cup back to THEON.
YARA:  I thought it wasn't for you.
ELLARIA:  I'm developing a taste for it.
YARA looks at THEON
YARA:  He's not your servant.
THEON:  It's fine.
THEON begins filling the cup from a barrel of wine.
ELLARIA:  So, you're going to be Queen of the Iron Islands.
YARA:  Once I kill my uncle.
ELLARIA:  And what will you be, handsome?
ELLARIA stands and gropes THEON.
THEON:  Whatever my queen demands.
YARA:  He'll be my advisor, my protector.
ELLARIA:  Oh, I see.  Your protector.
ELLARIA slowly walks towards YARA.
ELLARIA:  So if someone gets too close to you --
YARA:  He might have to intervene.
YARA:  Until they've made their intentions known.
ELLARIA sits next to YARA and spreads her legs apart, then looks at THEON.
ELLARIA:  Why are you standing all the way over there then?  A foreign invasion is under way.  It seems like you don't need a protector.
A large crash is heard and the ship rocks back and forth.  YARA turns to ELLARIA.
YARA:  Stay here.
YARA stands, picks up her sword and rushes for the stairs to the upper deck.  THEON follows her.
YARA climbs onto the deck and sees mayhem.  There are flaming arrows and flares in the sky.  YARA turns to survey the madness.  A ship bearing the Greyjoy sigil comes sailing out of the smoke and fog directly at YARA's ship.
YARA:  Euron.
EURON'S ship crashes into YARA's.  An armored gang plank is dropped onto YARA's ship.  Euron Greyjoy is riding on top of the plank as it crashes onto YARA's ship.  A sailor is crushed in the process.  Euron boards YARA's boat and begins cutting men down with an ax and laughing maniacally.  Dozens of men are rushing behind him to board YARA'S ship.  YARA and THEON both yell and leap into battle.  Many people are killed instantly.  More men are running over the gang plank.  TYENE SAND comes from below deck.  She throws a dagger and lodges it in an invader's eye.  She moves to the body to retrieve her knife.  YARA approaches her and kneels beside her.
YARA:  Your mother is below deck.  Keep her safe.
TYENE nods in agreement.  She stands up and heads down into the captain's quarters.
TYENE walks down the stairs and sees her mother, ELLARIA SAND.  TYENE runs to her mother and hugs her.  Immediately three men climb down the stairs and surround the women.  TYENE begins striking at the invaders with her knife.
THEON is fighting several men with his sword.  He cuts down two men and looks at YARA.  YARA looks around her at the scene.  Severel ships are engulfed in flames.  Flaming arrows are streaking in and men are shouting.  A flaming bolt flies through the air and hits YARA's mast causing it to burst into flames.  More men are rushing from EURON'S boat onto the deck.  YARA is slowly walking and watching the scene unfold.  She then turns and continues fighting.  EURON is cutting through men with ease.  He has just killed another when a whip lashes around his throat.  NYMERIA pulls on the whip and brings EURON towards her.  Euron turns and punches her in the face.  OBARA comes from behind EURON and stabs him in his arm.  He is knocked to the ground but quickly regains his feet.  They continue fighting
TYENE is still fighting the men.  She slices one man and stabs another in the testicles.
OBARA attempts to attack EURON again.  He blocks her attack and disarms her spear.  EURON grabs her by the throat and headbutts her then pushes her to her knees.  He rams her spear through her stomach and lifts her off the ground.  NYMERIA turns and sees her sister and screams, running at EURON.  She whips him several times but EURON graps the end of the whip and pulls NYMERIA towards him.  She is attacking with a knife.  EURON punches her and knocks her down.  EURON then takes NYMERIA'S whip and wraps it around her throat choking her.
TYENE is now getting overpowered by the men.  They punch her and grab her from behind.  One of the men walks to ELLARIA and grabs her.
ELLARIA:  Kill us!  Get it over with!
The man in charge smirks at ELLARIA and shakes his head.  The men begin to push ELLARIA and TYENE upstairs to take them as hostages.
Nearly every ship in YARA's fleet is burning.  There are flaming bolts in the sky.  YARA spots EURON below her.  She jumps from the upper deck and knocks EURON down.  He gets back up.
EURON:  Give your uncle a kiss.
YARA quickly steps forward and slaps EURON.  They begin fighting.  YARA is being overpowered by EURON.
EURON:  Theon!
THEON is still fighting.  He hears his uncle's yell and turns to look.  EURON is holding YARA and has his ax to her neck.  THEON stops and is frozen in place.  EURON begins smirking at him.
EURON:  Ah, come on your cockless hound.  I have her.  Come and get her.
THEON is looking around.  Men are being killed and everything is on fire.  One invader is pulling someone's teeth out.  THEON begins to shake and whimper.  His eye twitches.  He turns, drops his sword and jumps off of the rail of the ship into the water.  EURON begins to laugh and look at YARA.
CUT TO:  SEA OF DORNE
THEON is in the water holding onto some flotsam.  He is watching the ships burn and the Iron Fleet sail away into the distance.
END CREDITS
TYRION:  The bastard of Winterfell.
JON:  The dwarf of Casterly Rock.
TYRION and JON both stare at each for a moment, then break into a smile.  They step forward and shake hands.
TYRION:  I believe we last saw each other on top of the wall.
JON:  You were pissing off the edge, if I remember right.  You picked up some scars along the road.
TYRION nods his head in agreement.
TYRION:  It's been a long road.  But we're both still here.
TYRION turns to address DAVOS.
TYRION:  I'm Tyrion Lannister.
DAVOS:  Davos Seaworth.
TYRION and DAVOS shake hands.
TYRION:  Ah, the Onion Knight.  We fought on opposite sides at the Battle of Blackwater Bay.
DAVOS:  Unluckily for me.
TYRION:  Missandei is the queen's most trusted advisor.
MISSANDEI:  Welcome to Dragonstone.  Our queen knows this is a long journey.  She appreciates the effort you have made on her behalf.  If you wouldn't mind handing over your weapons.
JON looks at DAVOS and his men.
JON:  Of course.
The Dothraki guard move to take the weapons.  JON unties his sword and hands it over.  The Dothraki pick up JON's boat and begin to carry it away.
MISSANDEI:  Please, this way.
DAVOS begins walking with MISSANDEI and TYRION.  JON is following a few steps behind.
DAVOS:  Where are you from?  I can't place the accent.
MISSANDEI:  I was born on the Island of Naarth.
DAVOS:  Ah.  I hear it's beautiful down there.  Palm trees and butterflies.  I haven't been myself.
MISSANDEI nods and DAVOS slows pace to talk with JON.
DAVOS:  This place has changed.
The group are making their way up to Dragonstone along a narrow stone pathway built into the cliffs leading to the castle.  TYRION begins speaking to JON.
TYRION:  And Sansa, I hear she's alive and well.
JON:  She is.
TYRION:  Does she miss me terribly?
JON looks at TYRION and doesn't say anything.
TYRION:  A sham marriage and unconsummated.
JON:  I didn't ask --
TYRION:  Well, it was.  It wasn't.  Anyway, she's much smarter than she lets on.
JON:  She's starting to let on.
TYRION:  Good.  At some point I want to hear how a Knight's Watch recruit became King in the North.
JON:  As long as you tell me how a Lannister became Hand to Daenerys Targaryen.
TYRION:  A long and bloody tale.  To be honest, I was drunk for most of it.
JON:  My bannermen think I'm a fool for coming here.
TYRION:  Of course they do.  If I was your hand I would have advised against it.  General rule of thumb, Stark men don't fare well when they travel south.
JON:  True.  But I'm not a Stark.
A loud roar is heard from overhead.  JON and DAVOS dive to the ground.  Drogon flies over them, turns and flies over the castle.  JON and DAVOS look at each other in astonishment.  DAVOS looks back to MISSANDEI who is still standing and smirking.  Tyrion walks over and helps JON up to his feet.
TYRION:  I'd say you get used to them, but you never really do.
JON looks back to the sky.  All three dragons are circling above the castle.
TYRION:  Come.  Their mother is waiting for you.
JON and DAVOS exchange glances.  They continue walking up the path.  The camera shifts focus to MELISANDRE who is far above the group watching them from a cliff.  VARYS approaches MELISANDRE from behind and stands next to her.
VARYS:  I wondered why you weren't there to meet our guests.  You begged us to summon the King in the North.  Don't you want to see him again?
MELISANDRE:  I've done my part.  I've brought ice and fire together.
VARYS:  Strange.  You spoke so highly of Jon Snow but when he arrives you hide on a cliff.  I didn't take you for a bashful girl.
MELISANDRE:  My time whispering in the ears of kings has come to an end.
VARYS:  Oh, I doubt that.  Give us common folk one taste of power we're like the lion who tasted man.  Nothing is ever so sweet again.
MELISANDRE:  Neither of us is common folk anymore.  I did not part on good terms with the King in the North, or his advisor.
VARYS:  Why?
MELISANDRE:  Because of mistakes I made.  Terrible mistakes.  I would only be a distraction if I stayed.
VARYS:  So where will you go?
MELISANDRE:  Volantis.
VARYS:  Good.  If you don't mind my saying, I don't think you should return to Westeros.  I'm not sure you'd be safe here.
MELISANDRE:  I will return, dear spider.  One last time.
VARYS begins shaking his head.
VARYS:  My Lady --
MELISANDRE:  I have to die in this strange country, just like you.
MELISANDRE turns and walks away leaving VARYS alone on the cliff.
JON approaches the throne room.  Dothraki guards open the doors and allow him in.  He is walking with TYRION, MISSANDEI, DAVOS and other Dothraki guards.  DAENERYS is sitting on the throne.  MISSANDEI begins addressing JON and DAVOS.
MISSANDEI:  You stand in the presence of Daenerys Stormborn of House Targaryen, rightful heir to the Iron Throne, rightful Queen of the Andals and the First Men, Protector of the Seven Kingdoms, the Mother of Dragons, the Khaleesi of the Great Grass Sea, The Unburnt, The Breaker of Chains.
JON turns and looks at DAVOS.
DAVOS:  This is Jon Snow.
DAVOS nods and pauses.
DAVOS:  He's King in the North.
TYRION smirks to himself.
DAENERYS:  Thank you for traveling so far, My Lords.  I hope the seas weren't too rough.
JON:  The winds were kind, Your Grace.
DAVOS:  Apologies.  I have a Flea Bottom accent, I know.  But Jon Snow is King in the North, Your Grace.  He's not a lord.
DAENERYS:  Forgive me --
TYRION:  Your Grace, this is Ser Davos Seaworth.
DAERNEYS:  Forgive me, Ser Davos.  I never did receive a formal education, but I could have sworn the last King in the North was Torren Stark who bent the knee to my ancestor Aegon Targaryen in exchange for his life and the lives of the northmen.  Torren Stark swore fealty to House Targaryen in perpetuity.  But do I have my facts wrong?
DAVOS:  I wasn't there, Your Grace.
TYRION:  Forever.
DAENERYS:  Forever.  So I assume, My Lord, that you're here to bend the knee.
JON:  I am not.
DAENERYS:  Oh.  Well, that is unfortunate.  You've travelled all this way to break faith with House Targaryen?
JON:  Break faith?  Your father burned my grandfather alive.  He burned my uncle alive.  He would have burned the Seven Kingdoms.
DAENERYS:  My father was an evil man.  On behalf of House Targaryen I ask your forgiveness for the crimes he committed against your family.  And I ask you not to judge a daughter by the sins of her father.  Our two houses were allies for centuries.  Those were the best centuries the kingdom's ever known.  Centuries of peace and prosperity with the Targaryens sitting on the Iron Throne and a Stark serving as Warden of the North.  I am the last Targaryen, Jon Snow.  Honor the pledge your ancestor made to mine.  Bend the knee and I will name you Warden of the North.  Together we will save this country from those who would destroy it.
JON:  You're right.  You're not guilty of your father's crime.  And I'm not beholden to my ancestor's vows.
DAENERYS:  Then why are you here?
JON:  Because I need your help and you need mine.
DAENERYS smirks and looks over at TYRION.  She starts speaking to JON again.
DAENERYS:  Did you see three dragons flying overhead when you arrived?
JON:  I did.
DAENERYS:  And did you see the Dothraki, all of whom have sworn to kill for me?
JON:  They're hard to miss.
DAENERYS:  But still, I need your help?
DAVOS:  Not to defeat Cersei.  You could storm King's Landing tomorrow and the city would fall.  Hell, we almost took it and we didn't even have dragons.
TYRION:  Almost.
JON:  But you haven't stormed King's Landing.  Why not?  The only reason I can see is you don't want to kill thousands of innocent people.  It's the fastest way to win the war but you won't do it.  Which means at the very least you're better than Cersei.
DAENERYS:  Still, that doesn't explain why I need your help.
JON:  Because right now you and I and Cersei and everyone else, we're children playing at a game screaming that the rules aren't fair.
DAENERYS turns to TYRION.
DAENERYS:  You told me you liked this man.
TYRION:  I do.
DAENERYS:  In the time since he's met me he's refused to call me queen, he's refused to bow and now he's calling me a child.
TYRION:  I believe he's calling all of us children.  Figure of speech.
JON:  Your Grace, everone you know will die before winter is over if we don't defeat the enemy to the north.
DAENERYS:  As far as I can see, you are the enemy to the north.
JON:  I am not your enemy.  The dead are the enemy.
DAENERYS pauses and is incredulous.
DAENERYS:  The dead?
DAENERYS addresses TYRION.
DAENERYS:  Is that another figure of speech?
JON answers her before Tyrion.
JON:  The Army of the Dead is on the march.
TYRION:  The Army of the Dead?
JON:  You don't know me well, My Lord, but do you think I am a liar or a madman?
TYRION:  No, I don't think you're either of those things.
JON:  The Army of the Dead is real.  The White Walkers are real.  The Knight King is real.  I've seen them.  If they get past the wall and we're squabbling amongst ourselves --
JON begins walking closer to the throne.  The Dothraki guards step towards him to halt him.
DAENERYS pauses a moment.
DAENERYS:  I was born at Dragonstone.  Not that I can remember it.
DAENERYS stands from the throne and begins walking down the stairs towards JON.
DAENERYS:  We fled before Robert's assassins could find us.  Robert was your father's best friend, no?  I wonder if your father knew his best friend sent assassins to murder a baby girl in her crib.  Not that it matters now of course.  I spent my life in foreign lands.  So many men have tried to kill me.  I don't remember all of their names.  I have been sold like a brood mare.  I have been chained and betrayed, raped and defiled.  Do you know what kept me standing through all those years in exile?  Faith.  Not in any gods.  Not in myths and legends.  In myself.  In Daenerys Targaryen.  The world hadn't seen a dragon in centuries until my children were born.  The Dothraki hadn't crossed the sea.  Any sea.
DAENERYS stops walking and is face to face with JON.
DAENERYS:  They did for me.  I was born to rule the Seven Kingdoms.  And I will.
JON:  You'll be ruling over a graveyard if we don't defeat the Night King.
Tyrion steps up to stand next to DAENERYS and speaks to JON.
TYRION:  The war against my sister has already begun.  You can't expect us to halt hostilities and join you in fighting --
TYRION pauses a moment.
DAVOS:  You don't believe him.  I understand that.  It sounds like nonsense.
JON nods in agreement.
DAVOS:  But if destiny has brough Daenerys Targaryen back to our shores, it has also made Jon Snow King in the North.  You were the first to bring Dothraki to Westeros.  He was the first to make allies with Wildlings and northmen.  He was named Lord Commander of the Night's Watch.  He was named King in the North.  Not because of his birthright.  He has no birthright.  He's a damn bastard.  All those hard son's of bitches chose him as their leader because they believe in him.
DAENERYS stops looking at DAVOS and begins looking at JON.
DAVOS:  All those things you don't believe in, he faced those things.  He fought those things for the good of his people.  He risked his life for his people.  He took a knife in the heart for his people.  He gave his own --
JON looks at DAVOS to cut him off.  DAVOS stops talking.  DAENERYS and TYRION exchange glances.
DAVOS:  If we don't put asside our enmities and band together we will die.  And then it doesn't matter whose skeleton sits on the Iron Throne.
TYRION:  If it doesn't matter you might as well kneel.
JON shakes his head and looks at the floor.
TYRION:  Swear your allegiance to Queen Daenerys.  Help her to defeat my sister and together our armies will protect the north.
JON:  There's no time for that.  There's no time for any of this.  While we stand here debating --
TYRION:  It takes no time to bend the knee.  Pledge your sword to her cause.
JON:  And why would I do that?
JON turns to speak to DAENERYS.
JON:  I mean no offense, Your Grace, but I don't know you.  As far as I can tell your claim to the throne rests entirely on your father's name.  And my own father fought to overthrow the Mad King.  The lords of the north placed their trust in me to lead them.  And I will continue to do so as well as I can.
DAENERYS:  That's fair.  It's also fair to point out that I'm the rightful queen of the Seven Kingdoms.  By declaring yourself king of the northern most kingdom, you are in open rebellion.
VARYS walks quickly into the throne room and approaches DAENERYS.  He begins whispering in her ear.
DAENERYS:  You must forgive my manners.  You will both be tired after your long journey.  We'll have baths drawn for you and supper sent to your rooms.
DAENERYS begins speaking Valyrian to her Queensguard.  Her guard steps forward to escort JON and DAVOS.  JON speaks to DAENERYS.
JON:  Am I your prisoner?
DAENERYS:  Not yet.
DAENERYS begins walking back to the throne.  JON and DAVOS exit the throne room with a member of the Queensguard.  The Dothraki close the door to the throne room after JON and DAVOS exit.  VARYS begins speaking to DAENERYS.
VARYS:  Our Iron Born and Dornish allies were attacked on route to Dorne.
DAENERYS:  And?
VARYS:  Two or three ships escaped.  The rest sunk our captured.  Ellaria and the sand snakes dead or captured.  The Greyjoys are dead or captured.
DAENERYS:  All of them?
CUT TO:  SEA OF DORNE
Theon is hanging on to flotsam on the ocean.  A friendly Greyjoy ship is pulling him out of the water with a rope.  They haul him onto the ship and drop him on deck.  He is shivering and dishelveled.  The captain of the boat approaches THEON and speaks to him while THEON is laying on the deck.
CAPTAIN:  Your sister's dead?
THEON:  Euron has her.
CAPTAIN:  You saw him take her?  And you got away?
THEON:  I couldn't save her.  I tried.
CAPTAIN:  You wouldn't be here if you tried.
THEON turns his eyes away from the captain.  The captain turns and walks away.  The men go back to their duties, some stepping over THEON as he continues to lay on the deck.
EURON is escorting prisoners YARA GREYJOY, ELLARIA and TYENE SAND.  The prisoners are chained.  EURON is riding a horse.  He has a rope tied to YARA's neck and is leading her towards the Red Keep.  There is a large crowd shouting and cheering as they bring the prisoners through the streets.  EURON is smiling and showing off for the crowd.  The crowd shouts obscenities and curses at the prisoners.
EURON(to YARA):  This is the life.  Look at them.  Cheering for a Greyjoy.
EURON pulls on the rope around YARA's neck forcing her to run forward to stand next to EURON's horse.
EURON:  I have to be honest, it's making me hard.  Did you see little Theon's face right before he jumped overboard?
EURON begins mocking Theon in a high pitched voice.
EURON:  Oh no!
EURON laughs.
EURON:  What a twat.
CERSEI is sitting on the throne surrounded by QYBURN, JAIME, and THE MOUNTAIN.  There is a crowd gathered and they're clapping as EURON brings the prisoners down the aisle towards the throne.  EURON climbs down from his horse and grabs the chains that bind ELLARIA and TYENE and starts walking them to the throne.
EURON:  My queen.  Please accept this gift on behalf of all of your loyal subjects in the Iron Islands.
EURON throws the chains at the feet of CERSEI.
EURON:  I give you --
EURON looks over to JAIME.
ELLARIA spits onto the floor near the throne and CERSEI smiles.  CERSEI begins speaking to EURON.
CERSEI:  You've proven yourself the greatest captain on the 14 seas and a true friend to the crown.
EURON leans in and speaks to CERSEI so the crowd can't hear.
EURON:  A bit more than a true friend.
CERSEI:  And you deserve a proper reward for your heroism.
EURON:  There's only one reward I want.
CERSEI:  You shall have what your heart desires --
JAIME looks over at CERSEI.
CERSEI stands and addresses the people gathered in the throne room.
CERSEI:  With Euron Greyjoy commanding our naval forces and Jaime Lannister leading our armies, the sons and daugters of Westeros shall defend our country.
The crowd starts cheering and clapping.  CERSEI turns and walks back to the throne and sits.  EURON is waving to the crowd and begins speaking to JAIME.
EURON:  There's nothing quite like it, is there?  The love of the people.  I suppose you wouldn't know.
JAIME:  This same mob spat at my sister not long ago, and if you turn on us, they'll cheer to see your head mounted on a spike.
EURON:  Or yours.  They just like severed heads really.  Listen, if you have any advice at all I'd love to hear it when we have an hour or two to speak as brothers.
JAIME:  Advice?
EURON:  Does she like it gentle or rough?  A finger in the bum?
JAIME turns to EURON angrily.
EURON:  Shhh, shhh, shhh, not now.  We'll talk later.
EURON bows to the queen.  He walks down and collects YARA and walks out with her and his guards.
THE MOUNTAIN, CERSEI and QYBURN are standing in a torch lit dungeon beneath the Red Keep.  ELLARIA and TYENE are chained to walls opposite of each other.  They are both gagged.  CERSEI speaks to ELLARIA.
CERSEI:  I want you to know I understand.  Even though we're enemies, you and I, I understand the fear that drives you.  I was there that day when Ser Gregor crushed your lover's head.  I close my eyes I can hear the sound of Oberyn's skull breaking.
ELLARIA struggles against her restraints
CERSEI:  The sound of your scream.  I never heard a sound like that.  I thought, that's true love.  Oberyn looked beautiful that day.  He really did.  No one moved like him.  No one had such skill with a spear.  Even Ser Gregor couldn't stop him.  If only he hadn't taunted him.  He could have walked away and left poor Ser Gregor to die.  But that wasn't your lover's way, was it?  Now he's burried somewhere.  And here Ser Gregor is stronger than ever.  That must be difficult for you.  When my daughter was taken from me, my only daughter, well, you can't imagine how that feels unless you've lost a child.  I fed her at my own breast even though they told me to give her to the wet nurse.  I couldn't bear to see her in another woman's arms.  I never got to have a mother.  But Myrcella did.  She was mine and you took her from me.  Why did you do that?
CERSEI pauses and looks at ELLARIA.
CERSEI:  It doesn't matter now.
CERSEI walks across the room and stands next to TYENE looking at her but continues speaking to ELLARIA.
CERSEI:  Your daughter is a beauty too.  Brown eyes, those lips.  A perfect Dornish beauty.
TYENE is looking from CERSEI to her mother, ELLARIA.  CERSAI stops looking at TYENE and turns back to ELLARIA.
CERSEI:  I imagine she is your favorite.
ELLARIA pulls on her restraints.
CERSEI:  I know, I know, we're not supposed to have favorites.  But still, we're only human.  We love who we love.
ELLARIA begins gasping and trying to speak through her gag.
CERSEI:  I'm sorry.  I can't understand you.  The gag makes it difficult to understand what you're saying.  It must be frustrating.
ELLARIA whimpers.
CERSEI:  We all make our choices.  You chose to murder my daughter.  You must have felt powerful after you made that choice.
ELLARIA screams and pulls against her restraints.  She takes the slack out of the chain but is held in place inches from CERSEI.
CERSEI:  Do you feel powerful now?  I don't sleep very well, not at all really.  I lie in bed and I stare at the canopy and imagine ways of killing my enemies.  How to destroy Ellaria Sand, the woman who murdered my only daughter.  I thought about having Ser Gregor crush your skull the way he did Oberyn's.  It would be poetic I suppose but fast.  Too fast.
CERSEI turns away from ELLARIA and walks back to TYENE and takes TYENE's face in her hands.  She continues talking to ELLARIA.
CERSEI:  I thought about having him crush your daughter's skull.
CERSEI removes the gag from TYENE's mouth.
CERSEI:  She's so beautiful.  The thought of this lovely face cracking open like a duck egg, no, it's just not right.
CERSEI is caressing TYENE's face.  CERSEI looks at ELLARIA, then turns back and kisses TYENE.  TYENE is whimpering.  CERSEI stops kissing TYENE and looks back at ELLARIA.
TYENE:  Momma!
ELLARIA screams and looks at CERSEI.  QYBURN steps to TYENE and puts the gag back on her mouth.  TYENE is crying.  QYBURN walks over to CERSEI and hands her a cloth.  ELLARIA falls down to her knees and is watching her daughter.  CERSEI starts wiping off the red lipstick she was wearing.  CERSEI speaks to ELLARIA.
CERSEI:  Qyburn, he's the cleverest man I know.  Clever enough to learn what poison you used to murder Myrcella.  The long goodbye, was that it?
QYBURN:  The Long Farewell.
QYBURN hands CERSEI a vile containing the posion antidote.
CERSEI:  That's the one.
CERSEI drinks the antidote.
CERSEI:  How long does the poison take?
QYBURN:  Difficult to say.  Hours, days, it depends on the subject's constitution.
CERSEI:  But death is certain?
QYBURN:  Oh yes, Your Grace, quite certain.
ELLARIA is still on her knees crying.  CERSEI squats down to talk to her.
CERSEI:  Your daughter will die here in this cell.  You will be here watching when she does.  You will be here the rest of your days.  If you refuse to eat we will force food down your throat.  You will live to watch your daughter rot, to watch that beautiful face collapse to bone and dust all the while contemplating the choices you've made.
CERSEI continues looking at ELLARIA but speaks to QYBURN.
CERSEI:  Make sure the guards change the torches every few hours.  I don't want her to miss a thing.
CERSEI stands and walks out of the chamber with her entourage.  TYENE and ELLARIA both strain against their chains but can't reach each other.
JAIME sets his gold hand down on the table and pours himself a glass of wine.  CERSEI barges in and approaches him.  CERSEI starts kissing JAIME.
JAIME:  No.
CERSEI kisses JAIME.  JAIME stands.  CERSEI unties his pants and gets on her knees.  Sex scene ensues.  Some time has passed.  CERSEI is asleep and JAIME is watching her in bed.  There's a knock at the door.
JAIME:  Don't.
CERSEI kisses JAIME, gets out of bed and covers herself with a robe.  JAIME sits up concerned.
JAIME:  What are you doing?  No one can see us like this ?
CERSEI:  I am queen of the Seven Kingdoms.  I'll do as I please.
CERSEI walks over and opens the door.  A messenger looks in and sees JAIME in the bed.
MESSENGER:  Forgive me, Your Grace.  The visitor from Braavos has arrived.
CERSEI:  Good.  And we'll need fresh sheets for the bed.
MESSENGER:  At once, Your Grace.
CERSEI closes the door.  JAIME lays his head against his pillows and laughs nervously.
CERSEI is pouring two glasses of wine.  She carries them over and offers one to TYCHO NESTORIS of the Iron Bank.
TYCHO:  No, thank you.
CERSEI carries both glasses to her desk and sits down.
TYCHO:  My condolences, Your Grace, on the death of your son.  From all reports he was a fine young man.
CERSEI:  The Iron Bank didn't send you hear to offer condolences.
TYCHO:  Condolences and congratulations.  You've become the first ruling queen in the Seven Kingdoms.  That's quite an accomplishment.  The Iron Bank appreciates how you cast off the yoke of superstition freeing the crown from elements that sought to subvert the rule of law.
CERSEI:  The destruction of the Sept of Baelor was a tragic accident.
TYCHO:  Indeed.  But sometimes tragedies are necessary to restore order and rational leadership.
CERSEI:  The Iron Bank wants its gold back.
TYCHO:  Your father never minced words either.  But, yes, your debts are considerable.  And you are now engaged in a conflict on several fronts.  We both know how expensive war can be.
CERSEI:  And we both know gold wins wars.  Your vaults are empty.  Your late husband's profligacy saw to that.
TYCHO:  Your wealthiest ally is the Tyrells who are now your enemies.  You're surrounded on all sides by rivals for the throne.
CERSEI:  And the Iron Bank wants to bet on a winner.
TYCHO:  We don't make bets.  We invest in endeavors we deem likely to be successful.
CERSEI:  That's a fancy way of saying bet.  The war has already begun.  I've drawn first blood.  I decapitated the Dornish snake.  My armada owns the Narrow Sea.
TYCHO:  Euron Greyjoy's armada owns the Narrow Sea.
CERSEI:  Euron Greyjoy is loyal to me.
TYCHO:  For now.  Daenerys Targaryen has three full grown dragons.  How well do wooden ships fare against fire breathing dragons?
CERSEI:  Her dragons might not be as invulnerable as some think.  Now, let's talk about the Targaryen girl.  You want to invest in her?  I'm guessing the Iron Bank invested considerable gold in the slave trade.  How are you profits now that Daenerys has freed all the slaves?
TYCHO:  The slave trade has entered a down turn, it's true.
CERSEI:  From what I gather she considers herself more of a revolutionary that a monarch.  In your experience how do bankers usually fare with revoltionaries?
TYCHO begins to speak but CERSEI cuts him off.
CERSEI:  The Lannisters owe the Iron Bank quite a lot of money but Lannisters always pay their debts.  Do former slaves or Dothraki or dragons?
TYCHO:  Your father's daughter indeed.
CERSEI:  Give me a fortnight.  Stay in King's Landing as my honored guest and when you return to Braavos I swear to you my debt will be paid in full.
TYRION is walking along the cliffs and sees JON standing alone looking out into the ocean.  TYRION approaches JON and speaks to him.
TYRION:  I came out here to brood over my failure to predict the Greyjoy attack.  You're making it difficult.  You look a lot better brooding than I do.  You make me feel like I'm failing at brooding over failing.
JON:  I'm a prisoner on this island.
TYRION:  I wouldn't say you're a prisoner on this island.  You're free to walk the castle, the beaches, to go wherever you want.
JON:  Except to my ship.  They took my ship.
TYRION:  I wouldn't say we took your ship.
JON:  I'm not playing word games with you.  The dead are coming for us all.
TYRION:  Why don't you figure out what to do about my missing fleet and murdered allies, and I'll figure out what to do about your walking dead men.
JON:  It's hard for me to fathom.  It really is.  If someone told me about the White Walkers and the Night King --
JON pauses and hangs his head.
JON:  You probably don't believe me.
TYRION:  I do actually.
JON:  You didn't before.  Grumpkins and snarks you called them.  Do you remember?  You said it was all nonsense.
TYRION:  It was all nonsense.  Everybody knew it.  But then Mormont saw them and you saw them, and I trust the eyes of an honest man more than I trust what everybody knows.
JON:  How do I convince people who don't know me that an enemey they don't believe in is coming to kill them all?
TYRION:  Good question.
JON:  I know it's a good question.  I'm looking for an answer.
TYRION:  People's minds aren't made for problems that large.  White Walkers, the Night King, Army of the Dead, it's almost a relief to confront a familiar monster like my sister.
JON:  I need to help prepare my people for what's coming.  I can't help them from here.  I'd like to leave.
TYRION:  It seems unlikely that you became King in the North by giving up that easily.
JON:  Everyone told me to learn from my father's mistakes.  Don't go south.  Don't answer a summons from the Mad King's daughter, a foreign invader.  And here I am.  A northern fool.
TYRION:  Children are not their fathers, luckily for all of us.  And sometimes there's more to foreign invaders than northern fools that meets the eye.  Daenerys could have sailed for Westeros long ago but she didn't.  Instead she stayed where she was and saved many people from horrible fates some of whom are on this island with us right now.  While you're our guest here you might consider asking them what they think of the Mad King's daughter.  She protects people from monsters, just as you do.  That's why she came here.  And she's not about to head north to fight an enemy she's never seen on a word of a man she doesn't know after a single meeting.  That's not a reasonable thing to ask.
JON turns from TYRION and begins to walk away.
TYRION:  So do you have anything reasonable to ask?
JON stops and turns back around.
JON:  What do you mean?
TYRION:  Maybe you are a northern fool.  I'm asking if there's something I can do to help you.
DAENERYS and TYRION are having a discussion.
DAENERYS:  Dragonglass?
TYRION:  Yes.  Volcanic glass, obsidian.  He says you have a tremendous amount of it here.
DAENERYS:  Why are we talking about glass?  We just lost two of our allies.
TYRION:  Which is why I was speaking to Jon Snow, a potential ally.
DAENERYS:  And what does the King in the North want with Dragonglass?
TYRION:  Apparently it can be turned into weapons that kill White Walkers and their foot soldiers, or stop them, destroy them.  I'm unsure of the nomenclature.
DAENERYS:  And what do you think of this Army of the Dead and White Walkers and Night Kings?
TYRION:  I'd very much like to believe that Jon Snow is wrong, but a wise man once said that you should never believe a thing simply because you want to believe it.
DAENERYS:  Which wise man said this?
TYRION:  I don't remember.
DAENERYS:  Are you trying to present your own statements as ancient wisdom?
TYRION:  I would never do that...to you.  The reason I believe Jon Snow is because he's here.  All of his advisors would have told him not to come.  I would have told him not to come, yet he's here anyway.  You don't have to believe him.  Let him mine the Dragonglass.  If he's wrong it's worthless.  You didn't even know it was here.  It's nothing to you.  Give him something by giving him nothing.  Take a step toward a more productive relationship with a possible ally.  Keep him occupied while we focus on the task at hand.  Casterly Rock.
DAENERYS:  What was that Ser Davos said about taking a knife in the heart for his people?  Did you notice that?
TYRION:  You must allow them their flights of fancy.  It's dreary in the north.
DAENERYS is at the bottom of the path looking out into the ocean.  Dragons are flying over the ocean and over the mountains in the distance.  JON approaches DAENERYS from the top of the stairs.
JON:  Amazing thing to see.
DAENERYS:  I named them for my brothers Vicerys and Rhaegon. They're both gone now.
DAENERYS turns to look at JON.
DAENERYS:  You lost two brothers as well?
JON shakes his head.
DAENERYS:  People thought dragons were gone forever but here they are.  Perhaps we should all be examining what we think we know.
JON:  You've been talking to Tyrion?
DAENERYS:  He is my Hand.
JON:  He enjoys talking.
DAENERYS:  We all enjoy what we're good at.
JON:  I don't.
DAENERYS pauses and looks at JON.
DAENERYS:  You know I'm not going to let Cersei stay on the Iron Throne.
JON:  I never expected that you would.
DAENERYS:  And I haven't changed my mind about which kingdoms belong to the throne.
JON:  I haven't either.
DAENERYS:  I will allow you to mine the Dragonglass and forge weapons from it.  Any resources or men you need I will provide for you.
JON:  Thank you.
DAENERYS turns back to the ocean.
JON:  So you believe me then about the Night King and the Army of the Dead?
DAENERYS:  You better get to work, Jon Snow.
JON turns and quickly walks up the stairs towards the castly.
Men are working in the courtyard rolling carts of hey and carrying water.  A blacksmith is working the forge.  SANSA, PETER BAELISH, YOHN ROYCE and MAESTER WOLKAN are standing on the upper level of the courtyard having a discussion.
SANSA:  How much do we have?
WOLKAN:  4,000 bushels, My Lady.
SANSA:  What does that mean?
YOHN:  For the current occupants of the castle it's enough food for a year, perhaps more.
SANSA begins walking and everyone follows.
SANSA:  What's the longest winter in the past 100 years?
WOLKAN:  I'm not entirely certain.  I'll check Maester Llewyn's records.  He kept a copy of every raven scroll.
SANSA and the men walk from the upper level down into the courtyard.
SANSA:  You're telling me we don't have enough food, especially not if the armies of the north come back to defend Winterfell.
WOLKAN:  No, My Lady, most likely not.
SANSA:  We must prepare for that eventuality.  Every direction the threat comes from, this is the best place to be.  We need to start building up our grain stores with regular shipments from every keep in the north.  If we don't use it by winter's end we'll give it back to them, but if the entire north has to flee to Winterfell there won't be enough time to bring wagonloads of grain with them.
YOHN:  Very wise, My Lady.
SANSA:  Maester Wolkan, you'll see to it?
WOLKAN bows and leaves.  SANSA and the others keep walking through the courtyard.  SANSA sees smiths hammering breastplate.
SANSA:  Are they covering those breastplates in leather?
YOHN:  No, My Lady.
SANSA:  Well, shouldn't they be once the real cold comes?
YOHN:  They should indeed.  Pardon me, My Lady.
YOHN steps over to the blacksmith.
YOHN:  You there, why isn't there leather on these?
SANSA and BAELISH continue walking.
BAELISH:  Command suits you.  The northerns are all facing north worried about the threat beyond the wall.
SANSA:  So they should be.
BAELISH:  I know Cersei better than anyone here.  If you turn your back on her --
SANSA:  You don't know Cersei better than anyone here.
BAELISH:  I only meant to say --
SANSA:  That the woman who murdered my mother, father and brother is dangerous?  Thank you for your wise council.
BAELISH:  One of two things will happen.  Either the dead will defeat the living, in which case all our troubles come to an end.  Or life will win out.  And what then?
BAELISH walks in front of SANSA and stops her.
BAELISH:  Don't fight in the north or the south.  Fight every battle everywhere always in your mind.  Everyone is your enemy, everyone is your friend, every possible series of events is happening all at once.  Live that way and nothing will surprise you.  Everything that happens will be something that you've seen before.
A Winterfell guard approaches SANSA and BAELISH.
GUARD:  Lady Sansa, at the gate.
SANSA turns and walks away from BAELISH.  There is a commotion at the gate.  People are gathered around.  SANSA rushes over to see what's going on.  Bran is in a cart in the Winterfell courtyard.  Bran looks at SANSA for a few moments without saying anything.
BRAN:  Hello, Sansa.
SANSA begins to cry and hugs BRAN.
SANSA and BRAN are sitting next to the Weirwood Tree having a discussion.
SANSA:  I wish Jon was here.
BRAN:  Yes.  I need to speak to him.
SANSA:  Your father's last living true born son.  You're Lord of Winterfell.
BRAN:  I can never be the Lord of Winterfell.  I can never be lord of anything.  I'm the three-eyed raven.
SANSA:  I don't know what that means.
BRAN:  It's difficult to explain.
SANSA:  Try, please, for me.
BRAN:  It means I can see everything.  Everything that's ever happened to everyone.  Everything that's happening right now.  It's all pieces, fragments.  I need to learn to see better.  When the long night comes again I need to be ready.
SANSA:  How do you know all of this?
BRAN:  The three-eyed raven taught me.
SANSA:  I thought you were the three-eyed raven.
BRAN:  I told you it's difficult to explain.
SANSA:  Bran --
BRAN:  I'm sorry for all that's happened to you.  I'm sorry it had to happen here at our home.  It was so beautiful that night.  Snow falling just like now.  And you were so beautiful in your white wedding dress.
SANSA appears shaken.  She quickly stands up to leave.
SANSA:  I have to go back inside, Bran.
BRAN:  I'll stay a bit longer.
ARCHMAESTER MARWYN, SAMWELL TARLEY and JORAH MORMONT are standing in JORAH's quarantine room.  JORAH's skin has scars over the surface and the Greyscale is completely gone.  MARWYN extends a medical tool and begins poking around to examine JORAH.
MARWYN:  Hmm.
MARWYN walks around JORAH and continues to exam him.
MARWYN:  Hmm.  Does it hurt?
JORAH:  A bit.  Less than before.
MARWYN:  The infection no longer appears to be active.
JORAH sighs with relief and looks at the floor.
MARWYN:  Unusual.  Unlikely.  One could almost be forgiven for thinking the entire upper layer of diseased skin was debrided and the underlying region treated with some sort of ointment.
JORAH:  I don't know anything about that.  I just started feeling better.  I assumed it was the rest that did it.
SAMWELL begins nodding his head in agreement.
JORAH:  And the climate.
MARWYN:  The climate?  You're free to go, Ser.  This chamber is needed for the infectious, which you are no longer.
MARWYN begins walking out of the room.
MARWYN:  Tarley, I'd like to speak with you in my study this evening.
JORAH and SAMWELL stay in the room and have a discussion.
JORAH:  How bad is it?
SAMWELL:  I suppose I'll find out this evening.
JORAH smiles and nods at SAMWELL.   He turns around and picks up his shirt.
SAMWELL:  Where will you go?
JORAH puts on his shirt and begins tying it up.
JORAH:  I surrendered to this sickness the moment I first saw it.  I knew it would kill me or I'd kill myself before it could.  Daenerys Stormborn convinced me otherwise.  The only place for me is with her.
JORAH turns to face SAMWELL.
JORAH:  I owe my life to her and you.
SAMWELL:  Your father saved me more than once.  It's the least I could do.
JORAH nods his head.
JORAH:  Perhaps our paths will cross again?
SAMWELL:  I hope they do.
SAMWELL reaches out to shake JORAH's hand.  JORAH hesitates for a moment, then takes SAMWELL's hand.  JORAH places his second hand over SAMWELL's.  SAMWELL turns and walks out of the room leaving JORAH alone.  JORAH looks out the window and smiles.
CUT TO:  ARCHMAESTER'S STUDY
MARWYN AND SAMWELL are having a discussion.
MARWYN:  You treated him?
SAMWELL:  Yes.
MARWYN:  Who told you to treat him?
SAMWELL:  No one.
MARWYN:  Who forbade you or anyone to attempt to treat him?
SAMWELL:  I seem to remember you.
MARWYN:  But you treated him anyway?
SAMWELL:  I did.
MARWYN:  I forbade it because it's dangerous and rarely successful.  Especially on someone of that age.  You could have infected yourself and others.  You could have devastated the entire Citadel.  But you didn't.  It's a meticulous, difficult procedure.  Many maesters whose chains are heavy with healing links have attempted it and failed.  But you succeeded.  How?
SAMWELL:  I read the books and followed the instructions.
MARWYN stands up and walks from behind his desk.
MARWYN:  That man is alive because of you.  You should be proud.
SAMWELL:  Thank you, Archmaester.
MARWYN:  Come here.
MARWYN and SAMWELL walk to a table in the study.  It's covered in moldy books and scrolls.
MARWYN:  All these manuscripts and scrolls and rotting away.  I need you to make copies of them.
SAMWELL says nothing.
MARWYN:  You were expecting a reward?  Your reward is not being immediately expelled from the Citadel.  You'd better get started.  Be mindful of the paper mites.  They like flesh as well.
MARWYN walks out of the room to leave SAMWELL to his work.
DAENERYS, VARYS, MISSANDEI and TYRION are standing around the painted table having a discussion.  TYRION knocks over one of the figurines as DAENERYS and VARYS speak.
DAENERYS:  We need to find Euron Greyjoy's fleet and sink it.
VARYS:  Your Grace, he's already destroyed a good portion of our fleet.  To send our remaining ships after him --
DAENERYS:  I'm not talking about sending our ships after him.
DAENERYS pauses and looks at VARYS.  VARYS looks at TYRION.
TYRION:  But you'll have to go yourself.  Euron's ships could be anywhere or in more than one place.  You'd be flying around the open seas alone for who knows how long.
DAENERYS:  I wouldn't be alone.  I'd have Drogon, Vicerion and Rhaegal.  What can anyone do to them?
MISSANDEI:  They can still do something to you.  It only takes one arrow.
TYRION:  It's too great a risk.  You're too important.
DAENERYS looks down at the painted table.
DAENERYS:  What about Casterly Rock?
VARYS:  The Unsullied will be there soon.
MISSANDEI:  And what will they face?
VARYS:  A difficult situation.  They know we're coming.
TYRION:  Yes.  Cersei believes my sole purpose in life is to destroy House Lannister.  She will be ready.
CUT TO: CASTERLY ROCK
TYRION continues narrating as the castle is seen in the distance on top of some cliffs.
TYRION:  No one has ever taken the rock.
Lannister archers are shown on top of the battlements.  There are hundreds of ships sailing in the ocean heading to Casterly Rock.
TYRION:  The Lannister army is still the army my father built.  Well trained and well provisioned.  10,000 men at least.  They will see us coming.
GREY WORM is standing in a landing boat with other Unsullied on their way to the beach.  He puts on his helmet and readies himself for battle.
TYRION:  They will be ready.
A man is running across the battlements stocking arrows for the archers.  Men are stacking rocks along the wall to throw down at the invaders.
MAN:  Draw!  Loose!
Archers loose a set of arrows down onto rows of Unsullied marching on the walls of the castle.
TYRION:  The gates of Casterly Rock are impregnable.
Unsullied are being killed by incoming arrows.  Unsullied soldiers begin setting up ladders to scale the battlements.  The Lannister army throws rocks from the top of the wall.
TYRION:  The fight up the walls will be hard.  We'll be at a disadvantage.  Many men will die.
The archers are easily defending the castle and killing Unsullied soldiers.
TYRION starts narrating a different battle plan.
TYRION:  Interesting thing about my father.  He built our house up from near ruin.  He built our army.  He built Casterly Rock as we know it, but he didn't build the sewers.  That was beneath him.  So he gave the job to the lowest person he could find.  Me.  He was right.  I was low.  The company I kept low, women mostly.  They weren't welcome at the Rock.  Father disapproved of that sort of behavior.  I couldn't walk them through the front gates.  I couldn't have them in my chambers.  So in the process of building the sewers I threw in something for myself.
TYRION continues to narrate.  GREY WORM is in a landing boat sailing for a small opening in the side of a cliff.
TYRION:  It was a passage that began by the sea and ended beneath one of the main guard towers.
The Unsullied sail into the passage.  They jump out of the boat and rush into the sewers.  GREY WORM pushes up a manhole cover and emerges into the castle.  Guards are seen running by and don't notice GREY WORM and the other Unsullied soldiers sneaking in.
TYRION:  No better place for low pursuits.  Casterly Rock, the impregnable fortress.
The Unsullied are running through the courtyard cutting down Lannister men.
TYRION:  As a good friend of mine once said, "give me 10 good men and I'll impregnate the bitch."
The Unsullied fight their way to the main door in the courtyard.  GREY WORM lifts off the bar and opens the door.  Unsullied soldiers coming rushing through the gate by the hundreds.  They begin cutting down every Lannister in their way.
TYRION:  And so it begins.  They will face the bulk of the Lannister forces.  They will be outnumbered.  They will have less armor and fewer weapons.
There is general mayhem as the battle rages on in the courtyard.  GREY WORM breaks from the main fight and starts climbing to the battlements.  He is disposing of men with his spear on the way.
TYRION:  But as my sister's armies fights for her, the Unsullied will be fighting for something greater.  They will be fighting for freedom and the person who gave it to them.  They will be fighting for you.  And that is why they will triump.
GREY WORM is fighting in a hallway killing men from both directions.  A Lannister charges towards GREY WORM.  GREY WORM throws his spear and impales the Lannister soldier to a door.  The battle is over.  GREY WORM and other Unsullied soldiers are stepping over dozens of dead Lannisters on the battlements.  GREY WORM removes his helmet and one of his men speak in Valyrian.
UNSULLIED 1:  There are none left.
GREY WORM:  There are supposed to be more than this.  Many more.
GREY WORM turns to look out from the battlements towards the ocean.  The Unsullied fleet is under attack from the Iron Fleet and many boats are sunk or in flames.  GREY WORM's face twists in anger.  GREY WORM steps down from the battlement and grabs a bleeding Lannister soldier.  GREY WORM begins speaking English.
GREY WORM:  Where are they?  Where are the rest of the Lannisters?
Thousands of fully armored Lannister soldiers are marching towards Highgarden.  JAIME is riding his horse inspecting the lines of soldiers.  He rides over and joins BRONN, RANDYLL TARLEY and DICKON TARLEY.  The camera shifts focus to Lady Olenna who is watching the advancing army from a balcony in Highgarden.  She turns and walks back into her castle.
Some time has passed.  The battle is already over.  JAIME is walking in the courtyard and there are dead Tyrell men scattered everywhere.  JAIME climbs to the top of the tower to meet OLENNA TYRELL.
CUT TO:  OLENNA'S QUARTERS
Olenna is sitting alone at a table wearing all black.  JAIME opens the door and enters the room.
OLENNA:  It's done?
JAIME:  It is.
OLENNA:  And now the rains weep for our whores.  Did we fight well?
JAIME:  I suppose as well as can be expected.
JAIME walks to the wine and pours two glasses.
OLENNA:  It was never our forte.  Golden roses indeed.  Your brother and his new queen thought you would be defending Casterly Rock.
JAIME:  The truth is Casterly Rock isn't worth much anymore.  Well, it is to me.  My fond childhood memories won't keep Cersei on the throne.
OLENNA:  So you'll just let them take it?
JAIME:  For now.  They won't be able to hold it.  Euron Greyjoy's navy burned their ships, we emptied the larders before we left.  Eventually they'll be forced to abandon their position and march all the way across Westeros.
JAIME walks to where OLENNA is sitting and places both wine glasses on the table and sits down.
OLENNA:  And you took your army, your real army, and went where they weren't?
JAIME:  As Robb Stark did to me at Whispering Wood.  There are always lessons in failures.
OLENNA:  Yes.  You must be very wise by now.
JAIME:  My father always said I was a slow learner.
OLENNA:  If he was so clever why didn't he take Highgarden the moment your gold mines ran dry?  I suppose I'll be able to ask him myself soon enough.  No more learning from my mistakes, eh?  How will you do it?  With that sword?
JAIME shakes his head no.
OLENNA:  That was Joffrey's sword, wasn't it?  Not that he ever used it.  What did he call it?
JAIME:  Widow's Wail.
OLENNA:  He really was a cunt, wasn't he?  I did unspeakable things to protect my family, or watched them being done on my orders.  I never lost a night's sleep over them.  They were necessary.  And whatever I imagined necessary for the safety of House Tyrell I did.  But your sister has done things I wasn't capable of imagining.  That was my prize mistake, a failure of imagination.  She's a monster, you do know that?
JAIME:  To you, sure.  To others as well.  But after we've won and there's no one left to oppose us, the people living peaceful in the world she built, do you really think they'll wring their hands over the way she built it?
OLENNA:  You love her.  You really do love her.  You poor fool.  She'll be the end of you.
JAIME:  Possibly.  Not much to be gained from discussing it with you though, is there?
OLENNA:  What better person to discuss it with?  What better guarantee could you have that the things you say will never leave this room?  But perhaps you're right.  If she's driven you this far it's gone beyond your control.
JAIME:  Yes, it has.
OLENNA:  She's a disease.  I regret my role in spreading it.  You will too.
JAIME:  I think we're done here.
JAIME stands up and moves closer to OLENNA.
OLENNA:  How will it happen?
JAIME:  Cersei had several ideas.  Whipping you through the streets and beheading you in front of the Red Keep.  Flaying you alive and hanging you from the walls of King's Landing.  I talked her out of those.
OLENNA looks up at JAIME.  JAIME produces a small vial from a pouch on his belt and pops the cork off with his thumb.  He pours the contents of the vial into one of the glasses of wine and slides it in front of OLENNA.
OLENNA:  Will there be pain?
JAIME:  No.  I made sure of that.
OLENNA:  That's good.
OLENNA reaches out and takes the wine.  She drinks the entire cup.  She looks back to JAIME.
OLENNA:  I'd hate to die like your son clawing at my neck, foam and bile spilling from my mouth, eyes blood red, skin purple.  It must have been horrible for you as a Kingsguard, as a father.  It was horrible enough for me.  A shocking scene.  Not at all what I intended.  You see, I'd never seen the posion work before.  Tell Cersei.  I want her to know it was me.
JAIME's face twists in anger.  He turns and walks out of the room leaving OLENNA alone.
END CREDITS
JAIME:  Halt that wagon!
JAIME opens the carriage.  It is filled with gold bars and coins.  He picks up a large sack and hands it to BRONN.
BRONN:  You just won the biggest prize in the world.  What could you possibly have to be upset about?  Come on.  You can tell me.  Queen of Thorns give you one last prick in the balls before saying goodbye?
JAIME:  I'll save my confessions for the High Septon.
BRONN:  There is no more High Septon.
JAIME:  No, there isn't, is there?
BRONN:  There is still the question of my prize.
JAIME is putting a padlock on the wagon bearing the gold.  He stops and turns to BRONN.
JAIME:  That's a lot of money I just gave you.
BRONN:  It's not a castle.
BRONN turns and points to Highgarden.
BRONN:  How about that one?  It's available.
JAIME:  You don't want Highgarden.
BRONN:  I beg to differ.
JAIME:  We're at war.  Daenerys Targaryen could come take it back the day after you move in.  Besides, think of the upkeep.  The more you own, the more it weighs you down.
BRONN:  Oh, is that why you're so fucking glum, eh?  All your new riches weighing you down?
JAIME pounds on the back of the carriage and the horses start trotting.
JAIME:  They're not mine.  The gold belongs to the Iron Bank.  We pay our debts.
BRONN:  Right.  Just not to me.
JAIME:  Bronn of the Blackwater, formerly of whatever nameless shit heap you're from with a saddlebag full of gold complaining about not getting paid.  When we win this war all the castles in the Seven Kingdoms will be yours to choose from with no one left to take them away from you.
BRONN:  Yes, I'm sure Queen Cersei's reign will be quiet and peaceful.
JAIME:  Stranger things have happened.
BRONN:  Like what?
RANDYLL TARLEY and his son DICKON come riding up on horseback.  RANDYLL addresses JAIME.
RANDYLL:  The granaries are being emptied and loaded into wagons, My Lord.
JAIME:  The current harvest?
DICKON:  We have teams of men collecting it and more farmers in the Reach.
JAIME looks over to BRONN.
JAIME:  Ser Bronn, will you accompany the Tarleys and help them accelerate this process?
BRONN:  I'm not much for shoveling weight.
JAIME:  No, but motivating reluctant farmers to hand over their harvest, I've heard you guys have a real talent for that.
RANDYLL:  My Lord.
DICKON:  My Lord.
RANDYLL, DICKON and BRONN break away from the Lannister army and ride into the distance.  Horse drawn carts are carrying spoils from Highgarden and Lannister men are marching down the road.
CERSEI and TYCHO NESTORIS from the Iron Bank of Braavos are sitting having a discussion.
TYCHO:  I must say, I don't think the Iron Bank has ever had a debt of this magnitude repaid in a single installment.  I always considered your father a very effective and efficient man, but you appear to be redefining those terms entirely.
CERSEI:  You're too kind, My Lord.
TYCHO:  I am neither kind, nor a lord, Your Grace.  I am merely an instrument of the institution I represent, its wellbeing is a matter of arithmetic, not sentiment.  And the current arithmetic is outstanding.  The gold --
CERSEI:  Is on its way.  My brother is supervising its transportation himself.
TYCHO:  Some at the Iron Bank will be disappointed.  They've grown rather fond of your interest payments.
CERSEI:  We must devise a way to raise their spirits.
TYCHO:  Yes.  Perhaps we could be of assistance in some current venture.
CERSEI:  My only venture at the moment is reestablishing control over this continent and every person on it.
TYCHO:  I see a great deal of potential in that venture.  I imagine that it would require outside investment?
CERSEI:  It will indeed.  I need to expand my armies, my navies.  My hand, Qyburn, had made overtures to the Golden Company in Essos.
TYCHO:  I know them well.  They've helped us recover significant sums from parties who had fallen into deep arrears.
CERSEI:  That's good to hear.  I too would like them to recover some things that belong to me.
TYCHO:  Rest assured, Your Grace, you can count on the Iron Bank's support, as soon as the gold arrives.
BRAN is sitting in a wheelchair.  PETER BAELISH is sitting next to him.  BAELISH unsheathes a Valyrian steel dagger and shows it to BRAN.  It's the same dagger used in the attempt to assassinate BRAN years ago.
BAELISH:  This is for you.
BAELISH flips the knife in his hand and extends it towards BRAN.
BAELISH:  The last man who wielded it meant to cut your throat, but your mother fought him off.
BRAN reaches out and takes the knife, turning it and looking it over carefully.
BAELISH:  The other dagger, the one that took her life, I would have stopped that dagger with my own heart if I could have.  I wasn't there for her when she needed me most.  But I am here for her now.  To do what she would have done, to protect her children.  Anything I can do for you, Brandon, you need only ask.
BRAN:  Do you know who this belonged to?
BAELISH:  No.  That very question was what started the War of the Five Kings.  In a way, that dagger made you what you are today.  Forced from your home, driven out to the wilds beyond the Wall.  I imagine you've seen things most men wouldn't believe.
BAELISH hands the sheath of the knife to BRAN.  BRAN slides the knife into the sheath.
BAELISH:  To go through all of that and make your way home again only to find such chaos in the world, I can only imagine --
BRAN:  Chaos is a ladder.
BRAN is staring at BAELISH.  BAELISH stops speaking.  The door opens and Meera appears.
BAELISH:  I'm sorry to have disturbed you, Lord Stark.
BAELISH stands up to leave.
BRAN:  I'm not Lord Stark.
BAELISH bows and walks past Meera and closes the door.
MEERA notices BRAN sitting in a wheelchair.
MEERA:  What's that?
BRAN:  Maester Wolkan built it for me so I can move around more easily.
MEERA:  It's a very good idea.
BRAN:  You're leaving?
MEERA:  I don't want to leave you, but when they come I need to be with my family.  And you're safe, safe as anyone can be now.  You don't need me anymore.
BRAN:  No, I don't.
MEERA:  That's all you've got to say?
BRAN:  Thank you.
MEERA:  Thank you?
BRAN:  For helping me.
MEERA:  My brother died for you.  Hodor and Summer died for you.  I almost died for you.  Bran!
BRAN:  I'm not really, not anymore.  I remember what it felt like to be Brandon Stark, but I remember so much else now.
MEERA begins to cry.
MEERA:  You died in that cave.
MEERA turns to walk out the door.  She hesitates looking at BRAN, then walks out.
CUT TO:  EXT WINTERFELL:
There is a snow blown field.  ARYA is riding on a horse.  Winterfell can be seen far in the distance.
ARYA approaches the main gate on foot.  Two guards are huddled by a brazier getting warm.  There's indistinct chatter.  One of the men notice ARYA walking to the gate and approach her.
MAN 1:  Hey, oh.  Where are you going?
ARYA:  In there.  I live here.
MAN 1:  Fuck off.
ARYA:  I'm Arya Stark.  This is my home.
Both men look at each and start laughing.
MAN 1:  Arya Stark is dead.
ARYA:  Send for Maester Llewyn or Ser Rodrick.  They'll tell you who I am.
MAN 2:  There's no Rodrick here.
MAN 1:  Maester's name is Wolkan.
ARYA:  Go ask Jon Snow then, the King in the North.  He's my brother
MAN 1:  He's a thousand miles away.
MAN 2:  It's cold.  We're busy.  So, you know, best fuck off.
MAN 1:  Mm-hmm.
ARYA:  If Jon Snow is gone who is in charge of Winterfell?
MAN 2:  The Lady of Winterfell, Lady Stark.
ARYA:  Which Lady Stark?
MAN 1:  You tell us.  You're the one impersonating her sister.
ARYA:  Tell Sansa her sister is home.
MAN 1:  Lady Sansa is too busy to waster her breath on you, just like us.  So for the last time, fuck off.
MAN 1 goes to grab Arya but she easily dodges out of his grasp.
ARYA:  I'm getting into this castle one way or another.  If I'm not who I say I am, I won't last long.  But if I am, and Sansa finds out that you turned me away...
ARYA keeps glancing at the men.  They look uneasy.  They bring her inside of the gate.  They indicate towards a cart near the entrance.
MAN 2:  You sit there.  Right there.  Don't move.
Both guards have a conversation out of earshot of Arya.
MAN 2:  Go tell Lady Stark.  I'll watch her.
ARYA is glancing around Winterfell.  Men are working building tools and cutting wood.  ARYA looks over and sees a Winterfell flag sigil hanging from the wall.  The two guards are still arguing.
MAN 1:  You tell her.
MAN 2:  I'm not.
MAN 1:  Because if you don't I'll hit you right in the fucking face as hard as I can.
The guards turn around and ARYA is gone.
Sansa is sitting at a table reviewing documents.  The two guards are in Sansa's room explaining what happened.
MAN 2:  We told her to wait.  We were standing right next to her.
SANSA sighs.
MAN 1:  When we turned around she had gone, My Lady.  She was nothing.  Some winter town girl.
MAN 2:  She comes in asking for Ser Rodrick and Maester Llewyn.
MAN 1:  Don't trouble yourself over it, My Lady.  We'll find her.
SANSA:  You don't have to.  I know where she is.
ARYA is standing look at a statue of Ned Stark holding his sword.  ARYA hears a sound and turns to see SANSA approaching.  SANSA stops when she sees ARYA.
ARYA:  Do I have to call you Lady Stark now?
SANSA hesitates for a moment.
SANSA:  Yes.
SANSA begins smiling then walking towards ARYA.  SANSA reaches out and hugs ARYA.
SANSA:  You shouldn't have run from the guards.
ARYA:  I didn't run.  You need better guards.
SANSA smirks at ARYA.
ARYA:  It suits you, Lady Stark.  Jon left you in charge?
SANSA:  He did.  I hope he comes back soon.  I remember how happy he was to see me.  When he sees you, his heart will probably stop.
Both girls turn and look at the statue of Ned Stark.
ARYA:  That doesn't look like him.  It should have been carved by someone who knew his face.
SANSA:  Everyone who knew his face is dead.
ARYA:  We're not.
ARYA turns to face SANSA.
ARYA:  They say you killed Joffrey.  Did you?
SANSA:  I wish I had.
ARYA:  Me too.  I was angry when I heard someone else had done it.  However long my list got he was always first.
SANSA:  Your list?
ARYA:  Of people I'm going to kill.
SANSA begins to laugh.  ARYA joins her.
SANSA:  How did you get back to Winterfell?
ARYA:  It's a long story.  I imagine yours is too.
SANSA:  Yes.  It's not a very pleasant one.
ARYA:  Mine neither, but our stories aren't over yet.
SANSA:  No, they're not.
The girls both embrace again.
SANSA:  Arya, Bran's home too.
ARYA smiles and looks at SANSA.  SANSA doesn't smile back.  The smile fades from ARYA's face.
BRAN is sitting next to the Weirwood tree.  SANSA and ARYA approach.  BRAN turns to look at them.  BRAN begins speaking to ARYA.
BRAN:  You came home.
ARYA steps forward and throws her arms around BRAN.  SANSA smiles in the background.  ARYA lets go and steps back.
BRAN:  I saw you at the crossroads.
ARYA:  You saw me?
BRAN:  I see quite a lot now.
SANSA:  Bran has visions.
BRAN:  I thought you might go to King's Landing.
ARYA:  So did I.
SANSA:  Why would you go back there?
BRAN:  Cersei is on her list of names.
ARYA stares at BRAN.  ARYA turns to look at SANSA.
SANSA:  Who else is on your list?
ARYA:  Most of them are dead already.
BRAN produces the Valyrian dagger that BAELISH gave him and unsheathes it.
ARYA:  Where did you get this?
BRAN:  Littlefinger gave it to me.
ARYA:  Littlefinger, he's here?
ARYA turns to look at SANSA.
SANSA:  He's declared for House Stark.
SANSA steps up closer to BRAN and speaks to him.
SANSA:  Why would he give you a dagger?
BRAN:  He thought I'd want it.
SANSA:  Why?
BRAN:  Because it was meant to kill me.
SANSA:  The cutthroat after your fall?
ARYA:  Why would a cutthroat have a Valyrian steel dagger?
BRAN:  Someone very wealthy wanted me dead.
SANSA:  He's not a generous man.  He wouldn't give you anything unless he thought he was getting something back.
BRAN:  It doesn't matter.
SANSA:  What do you mean it doesn't matter?
BRAN:  I don't want it.
BRAN holds the knife out to ARYA.  ARYA looks at BRAN.
ARYA:  Are you sure?  It's Valyrian steel.
BRAN:  It's wasted on a cripple.
ARYA looks down at the dagger.  She steps forward and takes it from BRAN.
ARYA is pushing BRAN in his wheelchair and SANSA is next to them.  The Stark children are walking back through the gate of Winterfell.  Men are milling around doing various jobs.  BRIENNE and PODRICK see the Stark children all back at Winterfell together.
PODRICK:  Catelyn Stark would be proud.  You kept your vow.
BRIENNE:  I did next to nothing.
PODRICK:  You're too hard on yourself, My Lady.
BRIENNE:  I'm not a --
BRIENNE pauses for a moment.
BRIENNE:  Thank you, Podrick.
CUT TO:  DRAGONSTONE
DAENERYS and MISSANDEI are walking along a path outside of Dragonstone followed by members of the Queensguard.
MISSANDEI:  Your Grace, there's still no word from the Unsullied.
DAENERYS:  Soon.  They will come back to me.
MISSANDEI:  He better.
DAENERYS stops and turns to look at MISSANDEI.  She then continues walking.
DAENERYS:  What happened?
MISSANDEI begins smirking.
MISSANDEI:  Many things.
DAENERYS:  Many things?
Jon Snow appears at the bottom of the path.
JON:  Your Grace.
DAENERYS looks at MISSANDEI then her Queensguard.  She speaks in Valyrian and motions to her guard to stand down.
DAENERYS:  It's all right.
DAENERYS descends the stairs with MISSANDEI and they begin walking with JON.  They walk along the beach until they reach a cave.  DAVOS is waiting for them with a lit torch.
JON:  I wanted you to see it before we start hacking it to bits.
JON leads DAENERYS and MISSANDEI into the cave.  He lights a brazier and illuminates the Dragonglass along the walls.  He continues walking deeper into the cave.
JON:  So this is it, all we'll ever need.
DAENERYS is looking up at the walls of Dragonglass.
JON:  There is something else I want to show your, Your Grace.
JON and DAENERYS go to a further chamber in the cave.  There are murals painted on the walls of Dragonglass.
JON:  The Children of the Forest made these.
DAENERYS:  When?
JON:  A very long time ago.
DAENERYS:  They were right here standing where we're standing before there were Targaryens or Starks or Lannisters.  Maybe even before there were men.
JON:  No.
DAENERYS stops looking at the walls and turns to look at JON.  JON walks to another wall and begins to examine the murals.  The murals depict Children of the Forest and the First Men standing together.
JON:  They were here together the Children and the First Men.
DAENERYS:  Doing what?  Fighting each other?
JON takes DAENERYS by the arm and swings her torch to another part of the wall.  There is a mural of the Night King and White Walkers.
DAENERYS:  They fought together against their common enemy.  Despite their differences, despite their suspicions, together.  We need to do the same if we're going to survive.
JON and DAENERYS look back at the wall with the Night King.
JON:  Because the enemy is real.  It's always been real.
DAENERYS turns to look at JON.
DAENERYS:  And you say you can't defeat them without my armies and my dragons?
JON:  No, I don't think I can.
DAENERYS steps forward closer to JON.
DAENERYS:  I will fight for you.  I will fight for the north...when you bend the knee.
JON:  My people won't accept a southern ruler, not after everything they've suffered.
DAENERYS steps even closer to JON until they're face to face.
DAENERYS:  They will if their king does.  They chose you to lead them.  They chose you to protect them.  Isn't their survival more important than your pride?
JON and DAENERYS, DAVOS and MISSANDEI are walking out of the cave.  As they exit TYRION and VARYS are standing on the beach awaiting them.  DAENERYS begins addressing Tyrion.
DAENERYS:  What is it?
TYRION:  We took Casterly Rock.
DAENERYS:  That's very good to hear.
TYRION and VARYS look at each other.  They aren't eager to deliver the bad news.
DAENERYS:  Isn't it?
The group are all walking along the beach.  Daenerys is displeased.
DAVOS:  You'll want to discuss this amongst yourselves.  Perhaps --
DAENERYS:  You will stay.  All my allies are gone.  They've been taken from me while I've been sitting here on this island.
TYRION:  We still have the largest army.
DAENERYS:  Who won't be able to eat because Cersei has taken all the food from the Reach.
TYRION:  Call Grey Worm and the Unsullied back.  We still have enough ships to carry the Dothraki to the mainland.  Commit to the blockade of King's Landing.  We have a plan.  It's still the right plan.
DAENERYS stops walking, turns and speaks harshly to Tyrion.
DAENERYS:  The right plan?  Your strategy has lost us Dorne, the Iron Islands and the Reach.
TYRION:  If I've underestimated our enemies --
DAENERYS:  Our enemies?  Your family, you mean.  Perhaps you don't want to hurt them after all.
DAENERYS begins looking out to the ocean.  Three dragons are flying in the sky over the water.
DAENERYS:  Enough with the clever plans.
DAENERYS turns back and looks at TYRION.
DAENERYS:  I have three large dragons.  I'm going to fly them to the Red Keep.
TYRION:  We've discussed this.
DAENERYS:  My enemies are in the Red Keep.  What kind of a queen am I if I'm not willing to risk my life to fight them?
TYRION:  A smart one.
DAENERYS looks over to JON SNOW.
DAENERYS:  What do you think I should do?
JON:  I would never presume to --
DAENERYS:  I'm at war.  I'm losing.
DAENERYS begins walking close to JON.
DAENERYS:  What do you think I should do?
JON looks over the ocean at the dragons flying.
JON:  I never thought that dragons would exist again.  No one did.  The people who follow you know that you made something impossible happen.  Maybe that helps them believe that you can make other impossible things happen.  Build a world that's different from the shit one they've always known.
JON glances back towards the dragons.
JON:  But if you use them to melt castles and burn cities, you're not different.  You're just more of the same.
DAENERYS looks back out to her dragons flying along the water.
BRIENNE and PODRICK are sparring.  BRIENNE kicks PODS foot out from under him and he lands face first in the dirt.
BRIENNE:  Don't lunge.
PODRICK pushes himself back up and picks up his sword.  PODRICK attacks again.  Brienne blocks his blows and kicks his foot out again.
BRIENNE:  Don't go where your enemy leads you.
ARYA is watching the sparring session from across the courtyard.  She begins to approach Brienne.
BRIENNE:  Up.
BRIENNE begins striking at PODRICK while he blocks her blows.  BRIENNE hits PODRICK in the stomach with the hilt of her sword and PODRICK lands on the ground.
BRIENNE:  And don't --
ARYA:  Don't fight someone like her in the first place.
PODRICK stands up and retrieves his sword.  ARYA walks closer to speak to BRIENNE.
BRIENNE:  Nice sword.  Very nice dagger.
ARYA looks down at the Valyrian dagger and unsheathes it.  She approaches BRIENNE flipping the knife several times in her fingers.  BRIENNE takes the dagger and examines it.
SANSA and BAELISH are walking along the upper section of the courtyard having a conversation.
SANSA:  If they haven't contributed the right amount of grain to the stores then I'm afraid they'll have to make due with --
SANSA sees ARYA in the courtyard speaking with BRIENNE and stops to watch her.
ARYA(TO BRIENNE):  It's been awhile since I've trained.
BRIENNE:  I can go and find the Master of Arms for you, My Lady.
ARYA:  He didn't beat the hound.  You did.  I want to train with you.
BRIENNE chuckles.
ARYA:  You swore to serve both of my mother's daughters, didn't you?
BRIENNE nods her head in agreement.
BRIENNE:  Move aside, Podrick.
PODRICK backs away.  ARYA draws her sword, Needle.
BRIENNE:  You can't use that, My Lady.  It's too small.
ARYA:  I won't cut you.  Don't worry.
BRIENNE smirks and raises her sword to a fighting posture.
BRIENNE:  I'll try not to.
BRIENNE strikes at ARYA who quickly sidesteps and parries the attack.  BRIENNE attacks again and ARYA sidesteps, dodges multiple strikes and parries BRIENNE while smiling.  ARYA strikes at BRIENNE and hits her hand causing BRIENNE to flinch and lose her two-handed grip on her sword.  BRIENNE regains composure and starts to circle ARYA.  BAELISH and SANSA are still watching from the upper balcony.  ARYA is waiting for an attack with her sword behind her back.  BRIENNE strikes and ARYA blocks her attacks, spins and stabs behind her back and hits BRIENNE in the knee causing BRIENNE's sword to strike the dirt.  BRIENNE kicks ARYA in the stomach and sends ARYA to the ground.  ARYA quickly gets back to her feet.  BRIENNE overpowers ARYA and ARYA drops her sword on the ground.  BRIENNE strikes again but ARYA dodges, draws her Valyrian dagger and puts it near BRIENNE's neck.  BRIENNE and ARYA both stop fighting and sheathe their weapons smiling.
BRIENNE:  Who taught you to do that?
ARYA:  No one.
ARYA collects her sword.  SANSA walks away.  BAELISH remains on the balcony staring at ARYA who looks up at him.  BAELISH bows to ARYA and walks away.
CUT TO:  DRAGONSTONE
JON and DAVOS are walking along the paths outside of Dragonstone having a discussion.
DAVOS:  What do you think of her?
JON:  Who?
DAVOS sighs
DAVOS:  I believe you know of whom I speak.
JON:  I think she has a good heart.
DAVOS:  A good heart?  I've noticed you starring at that good heart.
JON:  There's no time for that.  I saw the Night King, Davos.  I looked into his eyes.  How many men do we have in the north to fight him?  10,000?  Less?
DAVOS:  Fewer.
JON:  What?
DAVOS and JON near the end of the path.  MISSANDEI is standing along the path looking at the ocean.
DAVOS:  Speaking of good hearts, Missandei of Naarth.
MISSANDEI turns to looks at DAVOS and JON.
MISSANDEI:  Ser Davos, Lord Snow.
DAVOS:  King Snow, isn't it?  No?  That doesn't sound right.  King Jon?
JON:  It doesn't matter.
MISSANDEI:  Forgive me, but may I ask a question?
JON:  Of course.
MISSANDEI:  Your name is Jon Snow, but your father's name was Ned Stark?
JON:  I'm a bastard.  My mother and father weren't married.
DAVOS:  Is the custom different in Naarth?
MISSANDEI:  We don't have marriage in Naarth so the concept of a bastard doesn't exist.
DAVOS:  The sounds liberating.
JON:  Why did you leave your homeland?
MISSANDEI:  I was stolen away by slavers.
JON:  I'm sorry.
DAVOS:  If I may, how did a slave girl come to advise Daenerys Targaryen?
MISSANDEI:  She bought me from my master and set me free.
DAVOS:  That was good of her.  Of course you're serving her now, aren't you?
MISSANDEI:  I serve my queen because I want to serve my queen.  Because I believe in her.
JON:  And if you wanted to sail home to Naarth tomorrow --
MISSANDEI:  Then she would give me a ship and wish me good fortune.
JON:  You believe that?
MISSANDEI:  I know it.  All of us who came with her from Essos, we believe in her.  She's not our queen because she's the daughter of some king we never knew.  She's the queen we chose.
DAVOS(to JON):  You'll forgive me if I switch sides.
JON notices a single ship sailing into the bay.  It has a kraken sigil.  MISSANDEI turns to look.
JON:  Is that a Greyjoy ship?
THEON GREYJOY and other Iron Born are pulling their landing boat onto the beach wading through the surf.  They pull the boat onto the sand.  JON SNOW, MISSANDEI, DAVOS and Dothraki guards are waiting to meet them.  JON sees THEON and both men freeze and stare at each other.  JON steps forward towards THEON.
THEON:  Jon.  I didn't know you were here.
THEON steps closer to JON.
THEON:  Sansa, is she all right?
JON grabs THEON by his shirt and pulls him face to face.
JON:  What you did for her is the only reason I'm not killing you.
JON releases THEON.
DAVOS:  We heard your uncle attacked your fleet.  We thought you were dead.
THEON:  I should be.
DAVOS:  Your sister?
THEON:  Euron has her.  I came to ask the queen to help get her back.
JON:  The queen is gone.
THEON:  Where did she go?
The Lannister army is returning from sacking Highgarden.  They are delivering gold and food to King's Landing.  There are carts and men that haven't made it into the city gates yet.  JAIME and BRONN are supervising the procession.  RANDYLL TARLEY comes riding up on his horse.
RANDYLL:  All of the gold is safely through the gates of King's Landing.
JAIME:  Good.
RANDYLL:  We need to get the last of these wagons over the Blackwater Rush before nightfall.  If the head of the line is ambushed, the tail will never be able to reinforce in time.
JAIME:  We are stretched a bit thin.
RANDYLL:  With your permission, flogging stragglers has a marked effect on mobility.
JAIME:  Let's give them fair warning first.  These men fought well at Highgarden.
RANDYLL is clearly disappointed.  He turns and rides off back to the line of soldiers.  JAIME and BRONN exchange glances, then follow RANDYLL.  BRONN and JAIME are riding through the ranks.  DICKON TARLEY sees JAIME and starts a conversation.
DICKON:  Ser Jaime.
JAIME:  Rickon.
DICKON:  Dickon.
BRONN openly laughs in DICKON's face and looks at JAIME.
JAIME:  I hear you fought bravely at Highgarden.  Your first battle?
DICKON nods his head in agreement.
JAIME:  And?
DICKON:  It was glorious.
BRONN:  Come on.  Your father's not here.
DICKON:  All my life we've been pledged to House Tyrell.  I knew some of those men.  I hunted with them.
JAIME:  They didn't deserve to die.  But Lady Olenna chose to betray the queen and support the Targaryen girl.  So here we are.
DICKON:  I didn't expect it to smell like that.
BRONN:  Men shit themselves when they die.  Didn't they teach you that at fancy lad school?
JAIME looks over at BRONN
BRONN:  Well, I learned it when I was 5.
BRONN pauses and strains to hear a noise far in the distance.
JAIME:  What?
BRONN:  Listen.
Horses and high pitched war cries are heard  beyond the hill in the distance.  JAIME takes off at a gallop yelling orders to the soldiers on the road.
JAIME:  Spears and shields!  Spears and shields!
The men jump into action and start arming themselves.
JAIME:  Spears and shields!
BRONN:  In line now!
RANDYLL is riding across the battlefield yelling orders to men.
RANDYLL:  Come on, lads.  Not those wagons.  Fall in line.  Fall in line.
The Lannister army gets in formation to repel the invading horde.   Lannister archers line up behind the pikemen.  The horde is drawing closer.  The Dothraki come riding over the hill with curved swords held overhead and screaming.  There are a thousand of them or more.
DICKON draws his sword.  RANDYLL is yelling orders to the men.
RANDYLL:  Spears armed!
The Lannister pikemen drop their spears into a fighting position and ready their shields.  BRONN rides up to JAIME.
BRONN:  Get back to King's Landing.
JAIME:  I'm not abandoning my army.
BRONN:  You're a commander, not a damned infantryman.  These fuckers are about to swamp us.
JAIME:  We can hold them off.
A dragon can be heard roaring in the distance.  DAENERYS and DROGON come flying over the Dothraki and over the battlefield.  DAENERYS commands DROGON to attack.
DAENERYS:  Dracarys!
DROGON breathes fire into the first line of Lannister soldiers.  The men burst into flames and start screaming.  DICKON looks on in shock.  A flanking group of Dothraki Screamers ride over the flames through the hole created by Drogon and start cutting men down.  JAIME attempts to issue orders to the men.
JAIME:  Hold the line!
The main force of Dothraki crashes into shielded pikemen.  Men on both sides are being slaughtered.  A second wave of Dothraki Screamers ride in.  They switch from a seated position to standing atop their saddles shooting bow and arrow.  The Lannister archers fire back and many men are killed.  DAENERYS and DROGON circle around and billow flames across the battlefield.  DAENERYS steers DROGON down the King's Road.  DROGON spews flames and destroys the carriages along the road.  Carts are exploding into pieces, barrels are flying through the air.  JAIME is looking at the carnage in astonishment.
JAIME:  Archers!  Archers with me!
A group of archers break from the main battle and follow JAIME and BRONN.  JAIME lines the men up to counter DAENERYS and DROGON.
JAIME:  Knock!
ARCHERS:  Knock!  Draw!
DROGON loops around and is making a pass on JAIME and the archers.  DAENERYS and DROGON are diving at the group of men.
JAIME:  Loose!
The archers fire their arrows in unison.  DAENERYS sees the projectiles and turns Drogon so the arrows bounce harmlessly off his breast.  She makes a run on another line of carriages and DROGON burns them in a single breath.  Men are screaming and catching on fire.  JAIME and BRONN survey the damage.
JAIME:  Qyburn's scorpion is over there.
BRONN:  Go get it then.
JAIME:  I can't shoot with one hand.
JAIME holds up his gold hand to illustrate his point.
BRONN hesitates for a moment.  He turns his horse and rides to man the artillery crossbow.  JAIME draws his sword and rides into battle.
JAIME:  Come on!
A Dothraki screamer wielding two swords charges JAIME.  JAIME is blocking the attacks but is getting overpowered.  DICKON stabs the screamer through his back.  JAIME nods at DICKON.  BRONN is making his way to the crossbow.  A Dothraki screamer sees him and charges.  BRONN reaches behind him and retrieves a small sword.  He throws the sword at the Dothraki but the screamer parries it.  BRONN draws his primary sword and the two men charge at each other.  As BRONN is about to strike, the screamer leans over and cuts BRONN's horse's leg off causing BRONN to fall to the ground.  BRONN's bag of gold hits the ground and splits open.  The screamer is turning his horse around and is about to attack BRONN again.  BRONN abandons the gold and runs into the mayhem trying to lose the mounted rider.  BRONN pushes a flaming Lannister soldier out of the way.  He pulls a sword out of a dead man and uses it to start fighting Dothraki.  DROGON flies overhead and spews flames through the air.  BRONN manages to escape the mounted rider and disappear into the fog.  The screamer dismounts and continues the search on foot.  The screamer climbs onto a covered wagon to check for BRONN.  When he pulls the canvas back he see's BRONN behind the crossbow with a bolt pointed at him.  BRONN fires the bolt and impales the Dothraki screamer.  BRONN pulls a lever and the sides of the wagon drop down revealing the crossbow.  BRONN reloads the weapon and begins making adjustments to line up a shot on DROGON.
BRONN:  Where are you?
TYRION walks to the edge of the battlefield accompanied by Dothraki guards.  He can see Lannisters being slaughtered.  One of the Dothraki guards begin to speak.
GUARD:  Your people can't fight.
TYRION is watching the mayhem.  Men are screaming and engulfed in flames.  Horses and carriages run wild with no driver.  JAIME is still on the battlefield struggling against the horde.  Burning Lannister men are taking off their helmets revealing melted faces.  Men crawl to the river in search of relief from the dragonfire.  DROGON and DAENERYS are flying over the river creating wake in the water.  JAIME sees her approaching his position.
JAIME:  Take cover!
DROGON spits flames into the Lannister position.  The men standing there are reduced to standing ash.  The wind blows them away.  BRONN is lining up DROGON in the sights of the crossbow.  He reaches down and pulls the lever to fire.  A bolt sails past DROGON and misses.  BRONN reloads the machine.  DROGON and DAENERYS circle around and dive on the crossbow.  BRONN takes his time aiming his shot.
BRONN:  Come on you fucker.
DAENERYS commands DROGON to fire at the crossbow.
DAENERYS:  Dracarys!
Before DROGON can send flames, BRONN fires a bolt that strikes DROGON in the wing.  DROGON begins to pinwheel out of control towards the ground.  BRONN is smiling.  He whips the machine around and begins reloading.  DAENERYS and DROGON are falling from the sky.  DROGON regains control and begins hovering over the river.  BRONN realizes he doesn't have time to reload and dives out of the way of the incoming dragonfire.  DROGON spits flames at the machine and instantly destroys it.  Flames lick over BRONN but he is uninjured.  DROGON is forced to land on the edge of the river due to his wound.  DAENERYS climbs from her mount and rushes to pull the spear from DROGON's wing.  JAIME is 100 yards from DAENERYS watching her.  She is all alone.  JAIME sees a spear sticking out of a dead man.  TYRION spots JAIME across the battlefield.
TYRION:  Flee, you idiot!
JAIME looks at DAENERYS and readies himself.  He spurs his horse onward.
JAIME:  Come on, boy.  Come on!
JAIME grabs the spear as he rides by and brings it up to position.  JAIME's horse is galloping full speed on the edge of the river kicking up water.  TYRION is watching JAIME's attempt to kill DAENERYS.
TYRION:  You fucking idiot.
JAIME is getting close.  DAENERYS turns at the last moment to see JAIME bearing down on her spear in hand.  DROGON notices JAIME, turns his head and spews flames.  BRONN appears from nowhere and manages to dive off of his horse and knock JAIME and himself in the water before they're both consumed by fire.  Their horses are instantly burned to death.  JAIME is being dragged down by a full set of armor into the dark water.  JAIME sinks into blackness and out of sight.
END CREDITS
JAIME:  You could have killed me.
BRONN:  What the fuck were you doing back there?
JAIME:  Ending the war by killing her.
BRONN:  You saw the dragon between you and her?
BRONN looks incredulously at JAIME.
BRONN:  And?
JAIME sits up and says nothing to BRONN.  BRONN sits up and faces JAIME.
BRONN:  Listen to me, cunt.  Till I get what I'm owed, a dragon doesn't get to kill you.  You don't get to kill you.  Only I get to kill you.
JAIME:  That was only one of them.  She has two more.  If she decides to use them, to really use them --
BRONN:  You're fucked.
JAIME:  Don't you mean we're fucked?
BRONN:  No, I do not.  Dragons are where our partnership ends.  I'm not going to be around when those things start spitting fire on King's Landing.
JAIME:  I have to tell Cersei.
BRONN pauses and looks at JAIME.
BRONN:  Best well jump back in that river.
BRONN stands up and walks away.  JAIME continues sitting on the shore looking at the smoke and fire from the distant battle.
TYRION is walking over an ash covered ground.  There are burned bodies and cargo strewn about.  Dothraki are looting dead Lannister soldies.  A group of mounted Dothraki are escorting captured Lannister soldiers to where DAENERYS and DROGON are awaiting the prisoners.  DAENERYS addresses the captured soldiers.
DAENERYS:  I know what Cersei has told you, that I've come to destroy your cities --
The camera pans around the prisoners.  The men are covered in filth and blood from the battle.
A few Lannister men kneel to the ground, while most remain standing.  DROGON roars and moves closer to the men.  Almost all the Lannister men quickly kneel while a few still remain standing including RANDYLL and DICKON TARLEY.  DAENERYS speaks to RANDYLL.
DAENERYS:  Step forward, My Lord.
RANDYLL takes several steps towards DAENERYS and stands in front of the kneeling Lannister men.
DAENERYS:  You will not kneel?
RANDYLL:  I already have a queen.
TYRION:  My sister, she wasn't your queen until recently though, was she, until she murdered your rightful queen and destroyed House Tyrell for all time.  So it appears your allegiances are somewhat flexible.
RANDYLL:  There are no easy choices in war.  Say what you will about your sister, she was born in Westeros, has lived here all her life.  You on the other hand, you murdered your own father and chose to support a foreign invader.  One with no ties to this land, an army of savages at her back.
DAENERYS:  You will not trade your honor for your life.  I respect that.
TYRION turns to speak to DAENERYS.
TYRION:  Perhaps he could take the black, Your Grace.  Whatever else he is, he is a true soldier.  He would be invaluable at the Wall.
RANDYLL:  You cannot send me to the Wall.  You are not my queen.
DAENERYS turns to look at her Dothraki escort.  The Dothraki walk forward to collect RANDYLL.  As the men are pulling RANDYLL away DICKON steps forward.
DICKON:  You will have to kill me too.
RANDYLL pulls away from the Dothraki and turns to face his son.
RANDYLL:  Step back and shut your mouth.
DAENERYS(to DICKON):  Who are you?
RANDYLL:  A stupid boy.
DICKON:  I'm Dickon Tarley, son of Randyll Tarley.
TYRION:  You are the future of your house.  This war has already wiped one great house from the world.  Don't let it happen again.  Bend the knee.
DICKON looks to RANDYLL.  RANDYLL nods to his son.
DICKON:  I will not.
TYRION turns to speak to DAENERYS.  He speaks softly so no one but the queen can hear.
TYRION:  Your Grace, nothing strips bold notions from a man's head like a few weeks in a dark cell.
DAENERYS:  I meant what I said.  I'm not here to put men in chains.  If that becomes an option many will take it.  I gave them a choice.  They made it.
TYRION:  Your Grace, if you begin beheading entire families --
DAENERYS:  I'm not beheading anyone.
TYRION pauses and looks over the DROGON.  DRGON roars and shakes his head and flexes his wings.
TYRION:  Your Grace --
DAENERYS looks to her Dothraki escort and gives a signal.  The men grab RANDYLL and DICKON and walk them over to DROGON.  RANDYLL takes DICKON by the arm.
DAENERYS:  Lord Randyll Tarley, Dickon Tarley, I, Daenerys of House Targaryen, First of my name, Breaker of Chains and Mother of Dragons, sentence you to die.
DAENERYS pauses a moment and looks at RANDYLL and DICKON.
DAENERYS:  Dracarys.
DROGON draws a deep breath and begins spewing dragonfire at the two men.  They are instantly engulfed in flames.  They both collapse into ash after a few seconds.  There are two craters left where RANDYLL and DICKON stood.  The Lannister men recoil in horror.  Any Lannister soldier that was still standing kneels to the ground.  DAENERYS silently turns and begins to walk off the battlefield.
JAIME is quickly walking down the hall leading to CERSEI's room.  As he approaches, QYBURN exits the queen's chambers.
QYBURN:  My Lord.
JAIME passes by QYBURN without saying a word and barges into CERSEI's quarters.  CERSEI stand and walks over to JAIME.
CERSEI:  How many men did we lose?
JAIME:  We haven't done a full counting.
CERSEI:  It's armies that win wars.  We have the Tyrell gold, we have the Iron Bank behind us.  We can buy mercenaries.
JAIME shakes his head.
CERSEI:  They're not the same as our men but they'll fight if they're well paid, which they will be.
JAIME:  I just saw the Dothraki fight.  They'll beat any mercenary army.  They'll beat any army I've ever seen.  Killing our men wasn't war for them, it was sport.  Her dragon burned a thousand wagons.  Qyburn's scorpion fired bolts bigger than you.  They couldn't stop it.  And she has three of them.  This isn't a war we can win.
CERSEI:  So what do we do?  Sue for peace?  I sit on her father's throne, the father you betrayed and murdered.  And in her mind she's winning.  What sort of offer do you think she'd make?
CERSEI turns and walks away from JAIME.
CERSEI:  Maybe we can count on Tyrion to intercede on our behalf by way of apology for murdering our father and our son.
JAIME:  He didn't.
CERSEI:  You saw the crossbow, you saw his body.
JAIME walks across the room to where CERSEI is standing.
JAIME:  I'm not talking about father.  Tyrion didn't kill Joffrey.  He had nothing to do with it.
CERSEI:  After all this time it still amazes me --
JAIME:  It was Olenna.  She confessed before she died.
CERSEI:  And this was before or after she drank the poison you so kindly provided her?
JAIME:  After.
CERSEI:  And you believed her?
JAIME:  If you were Olenna would you rather have seen your granddaughter married to Joffrey or Tommen?  Which one would Margerey been better able to control?  Which one would have made Olenna the true ruler of the Seven Kingdoms?  She was telling the truth.
CERSEI looks away, then sits down.
CERSEI:  I shouldn't have listened to you.  She should have died screaming.
JAIME:  She's dead like her son, her grandchildren, her whole house.  And if we don't find a way out of this war we'll follow them.
CERSEI:  So we fight and die or we submit and die.  I know my choice.  A soldier should know his.
JON SNOW is standing on the edge of a cliff looking towards the ocean.   DROGON roars and flies over him with DAENERYS on his back.  DROGON lands next to JON and charges towards him.  DROGON opens his jaws and roars in JON's face.  DROGON creeps closer until he is inches  from JON.  JON removes his glove and slowly extends his hand toward DROGON.  DROGON lowers his head and allows JON to touch him.  DAENERYS  looks surprised and steps down from her mount.  DROGON turns and flies away.
DAENERYS:  They're beautiful, aren't they?
JON:  That wasn't the word I was thinking of, but, yes, they are.  Gorgeous beasts.
DAENERYS:  They're not beasts to me.  No matter how big they get, how terrifying to everyone else, they're my children.
DAENERYS turns to look at her three dragons as they fly over Dragonstone in the distance.
JON:  You weren't gone long.
DAENERYS turns back to JON.
DAENERYS:  No.
JON:  And?
DAENERYS:  And I have fewer enemies today than I did yesterday.
JON pauses and doesn't say anything.
DAENERYS:  You're not sure how you feel about that?
JON:  No, I'm not.
DAENERYS turns and starts walking towards the castle, JON follows.
DAENERYS:  How many men did your army kill taking Winterfell back from the Boltons?
JON:  Thousands.
DAENERYS:  We both want to help people.  We can only help them from a position of strength.  Sometimes strength is terrible.  When you first came here Ser Davos said you took a knife in the heart for your people.
JON:  Ser Davos gets carried away.
DAENERYS:  So it was a figure of speech?
JON doesn't say anything.  A group of Dothraki guards approach DAENERYS and speak in their native tongue.
GUARD:  This man says he is your friend, Khaleesi.
The guard steps to the side and JORAH MORMONT stands behind him.  DAENERYS answers the guard in Dothraki.
DAENERYS:  He is my friend.
JORAH kneels before DAENERYS.
JORAH:  Your Grace.
JORAH stands.
DAENERYS:  Jon Snow, this is Ser Jorah Mormont, an old friend.
JON:  I served with your father.  He was a great man.
JORAH nods to JON.
DAENERYS:  You look strong.  You found a cure?
JORAH:  I wouldn't be here if I hadn't.  I return to your service, my queen, if you'll have me.
DAENERYS:  It would be my honor.
DAENERYS steps forward and hugs JORAH.
CUT TO:  EXT. WINTERFELL
A group of ravens are resting on a tree.  Several of the ravens' eyes wash white.  They take off and fly over Winterfell.  They cross frozen fields and over a snowy mountain.  They arrive at The Wall at Eastwatch-by-the-sea and continue over the Wall.  The ravens fly many miles over tundra and more mountains.  The birds crest a hill and thousands of dead men can be seen marching south.  A group of riders and the Night King are on top of an outcrop watching the dead file past.  As the ravens approach the Night King peers in their direction and the birds scatter and disperse.
BRAN's eyes are pure white.  They wash back to their normal color.  He is sitting in front of the Weirwood.  Maester Wolkan stands next to him.
BRAN:  Ravens.  We need to send ravens.
WOLKAN nods his head to BRAN.
ARCHMAESTER MARWYN and other citadel maesters are seated at a council table.  MARWYN has a raven scroll in his hand and the maesters are discussing the contents.  SAMWELL enters the room carrying a large stock of books and scrolls.  MARWYN points SAM to a nearby table to offload the books.
MAESTER 1:  I put very little stock in it myself.  Prophecies of doom are never in short supply, especially when winter comes.
MARWYN:  I remember Wolkan.   A bit timid but a sharp mind.
MAESTER 1:  The north has dulled many good maester's wits.  I'm not sure if it's the cold, the drink, or the company.
All the maesters chuckle.
MAESTER 1:  A crippled boy claims to have seen dead men on the march beyond the wall thanks to the magical help of a raven with three eyes.
SAM stops working and turns around.
MARWYN:  It is a bit much.  Still we ought to --
SAMWELL:  Brandon Stark --
The maesters all turn in their seats to look at SAMWELL.
MARWYN:  Do you know him?
SAMWELL:  I let him through the Wall years ago.  I saw him go beyond the wall.
MARWYN:  And?
SAMWELL:  Somehow a crippled boy survived for years beyond the wall when no one else could.  Not the Night's Watch, not the Wildlings, no one.  Perhaps we ought to listen to what he has to say.
MAESTER 1:  Perhaps you need more scribing work to discipline your mind.
MARWYN:  I sense a more detailed proposal is forthcoming.
SAMWELL steps forward and clears his throat.
SAMWELL:  Everyone in Westeros trusts and respects you.  If you tell people the threat is real they'll believe it.  If you advise all the lords to send their men north to hold the wall they'll do it.  And if you tell every maester in the Citadel to search every word of every faded scroll about the long night, they may find something that lets us defeat the Army of the Dead for good.
MARWYN:  It could be done.  And this news could be authentic.  It's possible.  It's also possible this message is part of a ploy by the dragon queen to lure southern armies away from the lands they are currently defending to open those lands to easy conquest.
MAESTER 1:  That does seem far more likely than magic birds talking to cripples.
SAMWELL:  Archmaester, please.  It's real.  I've seen it.
MARWYN:  We will write to Maester Wolkan at Winterfell for clarification.  I promise you we will get to the truth of it one way or another.
SAMWELL:  Archmaester --
MARWYN:  That will be all, Tarley.
SAM turns to collect his work and leave.  The maesters begin talking to one another.
MAESTER 2:  It brings to mind the work of Davy Moonstone, the charlatan who claimed to see the children of the forest.
The maesters all chuckle.
MAESTER 1:  Don't forget the Prophet Lodock that promised the Drowned God would rise up and destroy Aegon the Conquerer.
The maesters continue laughing.  SAMWELL gets the last of his work and walks out of the door in disgust.  MAESTER 1 turns to look at MARWYN.
MAESTER 1:  Is he the one whose father and brother were just burned alive?
MARWYN:  I'm afraid so.
MAESTER 2:  Horrible business.
MARWYN:  I don't have the heart to tell him yet.  He's a good lad.
MARWYN crumples the raven scroll and throws it dismissevely on the table.
MARWYN:  Right.  The ravenry was falling apart last time I checked...
VARYS and TYRION are sitting on the stairs of the Throne Room alone.  VARYS has a sealed raven scroll in his hand tapping it on the stone.  TYRION is drinking a glass of wine having a discussion with VARYS.
TYRION:  All rulers demand that people bend the knee.  It's why they're rulers.  She gave Tarley a choice.  A man who had taken up arms against her.  What else could she do?
VARYS:  Not burn him alive alongside his son.
TYRION:  I am her hand, not her head.  I can't make her decisions for her.
VARYS:  That's what I used to tell myself about her father.  I found the traitors but I wasn't the one burning them alive.  I was only a purveyor of information.
VARYS reaches over to TYRION's cup of wine, picks it up and begins to drink from it.  He grimaces as he drinks.
VARYS:  It's what I told myself when I watched them beg for mercy, "I'm not the one doing it."  As the pitch of their screams rose higher, "I'm not the one doing it."  When their hair caught fire and the smell of the burning flesh filled the Thone Room, "I'm not the one doing it."
VARYS drinks again and sets the cup down next to TYRION.  TYRION picks it up.
TYRION:  Daenerys is not her father.
VARYS:  And she never will be... with the right counsel.  You need to find a way to make her listen.
TYRION looks down at the note in VARYS's hand.
TYRION:  Who is that for?
VARYS:  Jon Snow.
TYRION:  Did you read it?
VARYS:  It's a sealed scroll for the King in the North.
TYRION pauses and drinks from his cup of wine.
TYRION:  What's it say?
VARYS:  Nothing good.
DAENERYS and VARYS are seated at the painted table.  TYRION and JORAH stand near the queen.  DAVOS and JON SNOW are standing on the other end of the table.  JON is holding a raven scroll and reading it.
JON:  I thought Arya was dead.  I thought Bran was dead.
DAENERYS:  I'm happy for you.  You don't look happy.
JON:  Bran saw the Night King and his army marching towards Eastwatch.  If they make it past the wall --
VARYS:  The Wall has kept them out for thousands of years.  Presumably --
JON interrupts VARYS.
JON:  I need to go home.
DAENERYS:  You said you don't have enough men.
JON:  We'll fight with the men we have.  Unless you'll join us.
DAENERYS:  And give the country to Cersei?  As soon as I march away she marches in.
TYRION:  Perhaps not.  Cersei thinks the Army of the Dead is nothing but a story made up by wet nurses to frighten children.  What if we prove her wrong?
JON:  I don't think she'll come see the dead at my invitation.
TYRION begins walking around the table closer to JON.
TYRION:  So bring the dead to her.
DAENERYS:  I thought that was what we are trying to avoid.
TYRION:  We don't have to bring the whole army.  Only one soldier.
DAVOS(to JON):  Is that possible?
JON:  The first White I ever saw was brought into Castle Black from beyond the Wall.
TYRION:  Bring one of these things down to King's Landing and show her the truth.
VARYS:  Anything you bring back will be useless unless Cersei grants us an audience and is somehow convinced not to murder us the moment we set foot in the capital.
TYRION:  The only person she listens to is Jaime.  He may listen to me.
DAENERYS:  And how would you get into King's Landing.
Everyone in the room stops and looks at DAVOS.
DAVOS:  I can smuggle you in, but if the Goldcloaks were to recognize you, I'm warning you, I'm not a fighter.
TYRION nods his head.
DAENERYS:  Well, it will all be for nothing if we don't have one of these dead men.
VARYS:  Fair point.  How do you propose to find one?
JON pauses and stares at the ground.  JORAH breaks the silence.
JORAH:  With the queen's permission I'll go north and take one.
DAENERYS turns to look at JORAH.
JORAH:  You asked me to find a cure so I could serve you.  Allow me to serve you.
JON:  The free folk will help us.  They know the real north better than anyone.
DAVOS:  They won't follow Ser Jorah.
JON:  They won't have to.
DAVOS:  You can't lead a raid beyond the wall.  You're not in the Night's Watch anymore.  You're King in the North.
JON:  I'm the only one here whose fought them.  I'm the only one here who knows them.
DAENERYS:  I haven't given you permission to leave.
JON:  With respect, Your Grace, I don't need your permission.  I am a king.  And I came here knowing that you could have your men behead me or your dragons burn me alive.  I put my trust in you, a stranger, because I knew it was the best chance for my people, for all our people.  Now I'm asking you to trust in a stranger because it's our best chance.
DAENERYS pauses for a moment then nods her head in agreement.
Northen lords including ROBETT GLOVER, YOHN ROYCE and LYANNA MORMONT are congregated in the Great Hall.  ARYA walks into the room and hears a loud discussion.  The lords are adressing SANSA who is seated at the head table.
ROBETT:  The King in the North should stay in the north.  We did not choose you to rule us, My Lady, but perhaps we should have.
The men agree in unison.  YOHN ROYCE stands up and walks in front of SANSA.
YOHN:  The Knights of the Vale came here for you, Lady Stark.
SANSA:  You're very kind, my lords, but Jon is our king.  He is doing what he thinks is best.
The men sit down and everyone in the hall begins talking to one another.
SANSA and ARYA are walking through the hall to SANSA's quarters having a discussion.
SANSA:  I warned Jon this would happen.  He can't leave the north and expect it to just sit and wait for him like Ghost.
ARYA:  He didn't.  He trusted you to hold it for him.
SANSA:  Well, he's not making it easy.  The northern lords are proud.
The girls arrive at SANSA's quarters.  ARYA is glancing around the room.
ARYA:  These are mother and father's chambers.
SANSA:  And?
ARYA:  Nothing.
SANSA:  Don't do that.
SANSA turns around to face ARYA.
ARYA:  What?
SANSA:  Say what you mean.
ARYA:  You always liked nice things.  It made you feel better than everyone.
SANSA drops the papers in her hand on a table and looks at ARYA.
SANSA:  Are you angry with me?
ARYA:  They were insulting Jon and you sat there and listened.
SANSA:  I listened to their complaints, which is my responsibility as Lady of Winterfell.
ARYA:  Their opinions are important to you?
SANSA:  Glover has 500 men.  Royce has 2,000.  Offend them and Jon loses his army.
ARYA:  Not if they lose their heads first.
SANSA:  Winterfell didn't just fall into our hands.  We took it back, and the Mormonts and the Hornwoods and the Wildlings and the Vale, all of us working together.  Now, I'm sure cutting off heads is very satisfying, but that's not the way you get people to work together.
ARYA:  And if Jon doesn't come back, you'll need their support, so you can work together to give you what you really want.
SANSA:  How can you even think such a horrible thing?
ARYA:  You're thinking it right now.  You don't want to be, but the thought just won't go away.
SANSA and ARYA stare at each in silence for a moment.
SANSA:  I have work to do.
SANSA turns and walks away from ARYA.
ARYA:  My lady.
ARYA exits the room.
DAVOS and TYRION are standing on the beach of King's Landing.  DAVOS is securing a small row boat.  TYRION is looking up towards the city walls.
TYRION:  Last time I was here I killed my father with a crossbow.
DAVOS:  Last time I was here you killed my son with wildfire.
TYRION turns to look at DAVOS.  DAVOS walks next to TYRION and stakes the boat anchor into the sand.
DAVOS:  There's a path to the left that hugs the cliff.  The guards hardly ever patrol it.  Too many steps.
TYRION begins walking towards the path.  DAVOS follows him and quickly takes the lead.  TYRION stops and looks back towards the unattended boat.
TYRION:  You're not staying here?
DAVOS:  I've got my own business in Flea Bottom.
TYRION:  What if someone takes the boat?
DAVOS:  Then we're fucked.  Best hurry.
BRONN and JAIME are walking by the dragon skulls.  Both men have sparring swords in their hand.
JAIME:  We don't have time for this.  We should be preparing the city for a siege.  The Dothraki are coming.
BRONN:  All the more reason for you to train.  Unless you plan on fighting Dothraki 12 year olds.
JAIME:  I seem to recall them giving you a bit of trouble as well.
BRONN:  And here I am ready to train.
JAIME:  Why down here?
BRONN:  I don't think you want people to see how you look swinging that thing yet.
JAIME:  Today might be the day I kill you by accident.
BRONN:  Oh, you won't be swinging it at me.
BRONN stops walking and holds his torch out.  TYRION steps from around a pillar and looks at JAIME.  JAIME looks angrily at BRONN.
BRONN:  I'll leave you to it.
BRONN turns and walks away leaving JAIME and TYRION alone.
TYRION:  I needed to see you and I knew you'd never agree to meet.
JAIME remains silent and stares at TYRION.
TYRION:  You made me look like a complete fool.  I thought I'd surprise you by hitting Casterly Rock, but you were three steps ahead of me.  You abandoned the family home.  Completely unsentimental.  Father would have been proud.
JAIME:  Don't talk about our father.
TYRION:  Listen to me --
JAIME:  I once told Bronn that if I ever saw you again I'd cut you in half.
TYRION glances down at the sword in JAIME's hand.
TYRION:  It would take you awhile with a sparring sword.
JAIME shakes his head and says nothing.
TYRION:  He was going to execute me.  He knew I was innocent.  He didn't hate me because of anything I did, he hated me because of what I am.  The little monster sent to punish him.  Do you think I wanted to be born this way?  Did he think I chose --
JAIME:  What do you want?
TYRION:  Daenerys will win this war.  You're a military man.  You must know there is no way around it.  Daenerys is not her father.  She's even willing to suspend hostilities if Cersei agrees to certain terms.
JAIME:  You want Cersei to bend the knee you can ask her yourself.
Men are in the market selling their wares.  A blacksmith sharpens a sword on a grinding wheel.  DAVOS is walking through the market glancing around.  A man in a blacksmith shop pulls a sword from the fire and begins to hammer it on his anvil.  DAVOS walks into the shop.
DAVOS:  I wasn't sure I'd find you.
The blacksmith puts the sword down and turns around, revealing GENDRY, the bastard son of Robert Baratheon.
DAVOS:  I thought you might still be rowing.
GENDRY chuckles and DAVOS smiles.
DAVOS:  I looked in shops, taverns, brothels.  I should have known to come straight to the Street of Steel.
GENDRY:  Weren't you worried about the Goldcloaks?
DAVOS:  I haven't been here in years.  Why should they recognize me?  Sometimes I hardly do.  Nothing fucks you harder than time.
DAVOS walks to the side of the shop and inspects a rack of swords.  He pulls one, nods in approval and puts it back in its place.  He turns back to GENDRY.
DAVOS:  Anybody give you any trouble?
GENDRY:  Here I am arming Lannisters.  I never get a second look.  You were right.  Safest place for me was right under the queen's nose.
DAVOS:  Don't be so sure.  Safety is never a permanent state of affairs.  Bad things are coming.
GENDRY nods.
GENDRY:  You came to get me.  You want me to come with you.
DAVOS:  I think you need to understand --
GENDRY:  I'm ready.  Let's go.
DAVOS:  You should know what you're heading into.
GENDRY:  Don't you think I've been thinking about it every swing of the hammer... how happy I am making weapons for the family that killed my father?  They tried to kill me.
GENDRY is tossing his tools and apron to the side.  He picks up a satchel and swings it over his head.
GENDRY:  I've been getting ready.  I never knew what for, but I've always known I'd know it when it comes.
DAVOS:  You might want to bring one of those swords.
GENDRY smiles at DAVOS and begins walking towards the weapons.
GENDRY:  I don't know much about swinging swords, but this --
GENDRY removes a giant war hammer from the wall.
GENDRY and DAVOS turn and walk out of the shop.
DAVOS and GENDRY are walking towards the boat DAVOS left on the beach.
DAVOS:  Keep your father's name to yourself.  The situation is complicated enough already.
GENDRY and DAVOS arrive at the boat.  GENDRY lays his hammer on top of the boat cargo.  DAVOS is gathering the anchor and rope.  Two Goldcloaks begin walking down the beach towards the boat unnoticed by DAVOS and GENDRY.
GENDRY:  Who should I say I am?
DAVOS turns and notices the two guards approaching the boat.  He turns and loudly addresses GENDRY.
DAVOS:  I told you, Clovis, if we don't get out of here soon someone is going to --
GUARD 1:  You there.
Both guards have their hands on their weapons ready to draw.  DAVOS starts walking towards the guards and spreads his cloak open.  GENDRY remains by the boat.
DAVOS:  No weapons, friends.  I promise.  What can I do for you?
GUARD 1:  Is that your boat?
DAVOS:  It is.
GENDRY looks down into the boat and sees his weapon in plain view.
GUARD 2:  The docks are that way.
GENDRY:  That they are.  I try to stay away from them to avoid good men such as yourselves.
The two guards look at each other and chuckle.  DAVOS retrieves a coin purse and opens it.
DAVOS:  Still five gold dragons?
GUARD 1:  Are you joking?
GUARD 2:  You must be even older than you look.  15.
DAVOS:  15?
GUARD 1:  Apiece.
DAVOS angrily reaches into his pouch and pays the men.
DAVOS:  I can't say it was a pleasure doing business with you.
DAVOS turns and begins walking back to his boat.
GUARD 1:  What's in the boat?
DAVOS pauses and turns back to the guards.
DAVOS:  Not more gold.
GUARD 2:  Wine?
GUARD 1:  Mmm.
GUARD 2:  I like wine.
GUARD 1:  Or hams.
DAVOS:  Come and have a look.
The guards walk over to the boat.  As they approach, DAVOS walks to the boat and pulls a cover to reveal the cargo.  As he pulls back the canvas, he throws it over GENDRY's exposed weapon covering it from view.  There are several baskets of fermented meat.  The guards twist their faces in disgust.
DAVOS:  Fermented crab.
GUARD 2:  What?
DAVOS:  Fermented crab.  One bucket of this triples the brothel's earnings for the week.  A man thinks he's done, he's ready to go back to his loving family, but before he gets his britches up his lady of the hour pops a tiny spoon of that into his mouth.  Five minutes later, he's back in the race.  Here, have a taste.
DAVOS scoops up a bit of fermented crab and offers it to the guards.  Both men reach out and take a pinch.  The guards sniff the crab and put it in their mouth.  They both recoil from the taste and look at each other.
DAVOS:  I'd hurry to your favorite establishment or you'll put a whole in that chainmail.
The guards and DAVOS laugh.  The guards turn and start walking back towards the city.  GENDRY nods at them as they go.  TYRION appears at the top of the stairs leading to the beach.  The Goldcloaks see him as he's walking down the path.  TYRION walks by the guards and they exchange glances.  The guards stop and turn back toward the boat.
GUARD 2:  Oi, Dwarf!
DAVOS quickly walks to cut the guards off.
DAVOS:  I really wouldn't try anymore until you see how the first bite hits you.
GUARD 2:  That dwarf --
The guards blow past DAVOS and begin talking to TYRION.
GUARD 1:  Where did you get that scar?
TYRION:  Fish hook.  Some men you just can't teach.
GUARD 2:  We was looking for a dwarf with a scar like that awhile back.
DAVOS is still standing behind the guards.  He retrieves his gold pouch again and holds it up shaking it.
DAVOS:  Perhaps there's some arrangement?
The two guards turn back to DAVOS.
GUARD 2:  Arrangement?  You gonna arrange to pay us more than Queen Cersei?
GENDRY can be seen behind the backs of the guards.  He slowly retrieves his hammer and creeps up behind GUARD 2.  He swings his hammer and connects with the side of the guard's head.  The man drops.  As GENDRY transitions onto the second guard and swings his hammer, GUARD 1 turns to look and catches a hammer blow to the face.
DAVOS is looking at TYRION and motions towards GENDRY.
DAVOS:  This is Gendry.
TYRION:  He'll do.
The men grab onto the boat and begin to push it into the water.
JAIME opens the door and step into the queen's room.  CERSEI is seated near a window speaking to QYBURN.
CERSEI:  That won't be necessary.
QYBURN bows his head and walks to leave the room.  As he passes by JAIME he addresses him.
QYBURN:  Ser Jaime.
QYBURN closes the door as he leaves.  JAIME and CERSEI are alone.  CERSEI begins walking over to a chair in front of JAIME and sits.
JAIME:  Why was QYBURN here?
CERSEI:  He's Hand of the Queen.  Why are you here?
JAIME:  I met with Tyrion.
CERSEI pauses for a moment making JAIME uncomfortable.
CERSEI:  What did our brother have to say?
JAIME:  Daenerys wants to meet.
CERSEI:  To discuss a surrender?
JAIME:  To discuss an armistice.
CERSEI:  She just won a great victory.  Why would she want a truce now?
JAIME:  Because an army of dead men is marching on the Seven Kingdoms.  Tyrion claims he'll have proof.
CERSEI smirks and looks away from JAIME.
CERSEI:  Are you going to punish him?
JAIME:  Tyrion?
CERSEI:  Bronn.
JAIME looks confused.
CERSEI:  He betrayed you.  He set up a meeting without your knowledge or consent.  Do you think anything of importance happens in this city without me knowing?
JAIME shakes his head.
JAIME:  You let it happen.  Why?
CERSEI:  I've come to believe that accomodation with the Dragon Queen could be in our immediate interest.  She has the numbers.  If we want to beat her we have to be clever.  We have to fight her like father would have.  Dead men, dragons and Dragon Queens, whatever stands in our way we will defeat it ourselves for our house.  For this.
CERSEI lifts her hands from the chair and places them both on her stomach indicating she's pregnant.  JAIME looks shocked.
JAIME:  Who will you say is the father?
CERSEI:  You.
JAIME:  People won't like that.
CERSEI stands from her chair and walks in front of JAIME.
CERSEI:  Do you remember what father used to say about people?
JAIME:  The lion doesn't concern himself with the opinions of the sheep.
JAIME reaches forward and takes CERSEI and kisses her.  While they embrace CERSEI speaks to JAIME.
CERSEI:  Never betray me again.
GENDRY and DAVOS are walking down the beach near the Dragonglass cave.  Groups of men are carrying boxes filled with Dragonglass out of the cave.  DAVOS and GENDRY are having a discussion.
DAVOS:  We're leaving today.  The king's got a lot on his mind.
GENDRY:  I understand.
DAVOS:  He doesn't need to be thinking about harboring the bastard of a dead king.
GENDRY:  You don't have to worry.
DAVOS:  You're just Clovis, a smith who's come to pay his respects before he heads off to work at the Winterfell forges.
GENDRY:  Understood.
DAVOS and GENDRY enter the mouth of the cave.  JON is walking along the corridor.
DAVOS:  Begging your pardon, Your Grace.
JON stops and turns around to face DAVOS.
JON:  You survived King's Landing.
DAVOS:  Yet again.
JON:  Your Grace, this is --
GENDRY steps forward in front of DAVOS.
GENDRY:  It's Gendry, Your Grace.  I'm Robert Baratheon's son.  Bastard son.
JON looks to DAVOS.
DAVOS:  He was meant to keep that to himself.
GENDRY:  Our fathers trusted each other.  Why shouldn't we?
JON:  I saw your father once at Winterfell.
GENDRY:  I met yours in my shop.
JON:  You're a lot leaner.
GENDRY:  You're a lot shorter.
JON stops smiling and pauses a moment.  Then he chuckles.
JON:  I grew up on stories about them.
GENDRY:  All I ever knew was they fought together and won.  Ser Davos told me where you're going, Your Grace, and why.  Let me come with you.
DAVOS:  Don't be a fool.  You're not a soldier.
GENDRY:  No, but I'm a fighter.  And he won't be needing a smith with a sword like that.
JON:  Do you know how to use one?
GENDRY shakes his head.
JON:  Well, that's a problem.
GENDRY:  I prefer a hammer.
GENDRY looks to DAVOS.
DAVOS:  He can handle himself.
JON nods.
JON:  We could use the help.
DAVOS:  As my father used to say, it's better to be a coward for a minute than dead for the rest of your life.
GENDRY(to DAVOS):  I owe you my life.  Twice over.  But if what you said is true about what's out there, I can't wait out this war.
DAVOS:  Yeah.  Nobody mind me.  All I've ever done is live to a ripe old age.
Two landing boats are sitting on the beach surrounded by two groups of men.  A large sailboat is anchored in the bay.  JORAH places his sword and a case of Dragonglass into the boat.  TYRION walks down the beach and stands next to JORAH.
TYRION:  You may not believe it, but I've missed you Mormont.  Nobody glowers quite like you.  Not even Grey Worm.
TYRION retrieves a gold coin from his pocket and turns it in his hands.
TYRION:  This is the coin the slaver gave me when I suggested he free us and pay us.  Remember?
JORAH:  It was supposed to last us the rest of our lives.
TYRION smiles and hands the coin to JORAH.
TYRION:  Take it with you.  You'll bring it back.  Our queen needs you.
JORAH nods to TYRION.  DAENERYS appears and walks up to JORAH.
DAENERYS:  We should be better at saying farewell by now.
JORAH:  Your Grace, I --
DAENERYS reaches forward and takes JORAH by his hands.  JON SNOW, DAVOS and GENDRY exit the cave and walk towards the boats.  JORAH bends and kisses DAENERY's hand.  He turns and continues readying the boat.  JON stands in front of DAENERYS.
JON:  If I don't return at least you won't have to deal with the King in the North anymore.
DAENERYS smiles.
DAENERYS:  But I've grown used to him.
JON:  I wish you good fortune in the wars to come, Your Grace.
DAENERYS nods to JON.  JON turns and walks to the head of the boat.  The men take hold of it.
JON:  Heave!
The men push the boat into the sea.  DAENERYS and TYRION remain on the beach watching them go.
SAM is seated at a table surround by papers and candles.  He is writing notes into a book.  Gilly is seated across from him reading aloud from a tome.  SAM JR. is playing on the bed.
GILLY:  Do you know how many steps there are in the Citadel?
SAM:  No.
GILLY:  15,782.
SAM looks up from his work annoyed.  He remains silent and continues working.
GILLY:  Guess how many windows are in the Great Sept of Baelor.
SAMWELL looks away and pauses.
SAMWELL:  None anymore.
GILLY:  That's true.  This High Septon Meynard, he recorded everything.  He even recorded his own bowel movements.  What does "annulment" mean?
SAMWELL:  It's when a man sets asside his lawful wife.
GILLY:  Meynard says here that he issued an anullment for Prince Rhaegar and remarried him to someone else at the same time in a secret ceremony in Dorne.  Is that a common thing --
SAMWELL isn't paying much attention to GILLY.  He loudly interrupts her.
SAMWELL:  These maesters, they set me to the task of preserving that man's window counting and anullments and bowel movements for all eternity while the secret to defeating the Night King's probably sitting on some dusty shelf somewhere completely ignored.  But that's all right, isn't it.  We could all become slavering, murderous imbecils enthralled to evil incarnate as long as we can have access to the full records of High Septon Meynard's 15,782 shits.
GILLY:  Steps.  That number was steps.
SAMWELL is dismayed.  He sets his quill down and grabs the book he was writing in and hands it to SAM Jr.  He retrieves his cloak and walks out the door.
SAM is walking through a dark library.  He heads to the restricted section and unlocks the barred gate.  He begins removing books and scrolls from shelfs and stuff them in his satchel.  After retrieving what he needs, SAM quickly walks to the exit of the library.  He pauses before he leaves and turns around.  He glances back at the library.  It is many stories tall lined with countless  shelves of books.  SAMWELL looks at the library one last time, turns and walks out of the door.
CUT TO:  EXT. CITADEL
SAMWELL is loading a wagon with his things.  He walks around to the driver seat.  GILLY and SAM JR. are already in the wagon dressed for the road.  SAM climbs aboard and takes the reins in his hand.
GILLY:  Are you sure you want to do this?  You always wanted to be a maester.
SAMWELL:  I'm tired of reading about the achievements of better men.
The horse neighs and begins pulling the carriage away from the city.  The Citadel can be seen with a torch burning bright on top of the tallest tower.
ARYA is in the kennels observing PETER BAELISH and a Winterfell servant having a conversation.  The servent is whispering in BAELISH's ear.  ARYA can't hear the conversation.  ARYA sees BAELISH hand the servant a raven scroll.  The servant turns to leave.  BAELISH senses someone is watching him and he looks to where ARYA stood but she has already vanished.  BAELISH turns and leaves the kennels.
ARYA is on the upper level looking down at BAELISH.  He is having a conversation with ROBETT GLOVER and YOHN ROYCE.  She can't hear what's being said.  BAELISH finishes his conversation and walks away from the men.  ARYA disappears behind the corner and continues following BAELISH.
ARYA is walking down the hallway.  She pauses, peers around a corner and looks towards the door of BAELISH's quarters.  BAELISH appears and unlocks his door.  Before he walks in MAESTER WOLKAN approaches him.  She continues watching the men.
WOLKAN:  I found it, my Lord.
WOLKAN hands BAELISH a raven scroll.
WOLKAN:  It took some searching.  Maester Llewyn's archives are thorough.
BAELISH reads the note then looks at WOLKAN.
BAELISH:  Are you sure this is the only copy at Winterfell?
WOLKAN:  Yes, my Lord.
BAELISH:  Lady Stark thanks you for your service.
WOLKAN turns and walks away.  BAELISH enters his room and shuts the door.  ARYA continues watching.  A moment later BAELISH opens the door and exits the room, locking the door as he leaves.  After he is gone ARYA walks to the door and produces a lockpick from her sleeve.  She enters the room and begins searching for the raven scroll.  She opens a cabinet but finds nothing of value.  She checks another cabinet, then looks in the fireplace and above the mantle finding nothing.  She lifts up the mattress and finds a small hole cut into the bedding.  She reaches in and retrives the raven scroll.  She unrolls it and reads the contents.
"Robb, I write to you with a heavy heart. Our good king Robert is dead, killed from wounds he took in a boar hunt. Father has been charged with treason. He conspired with Robert's brothers against my beloved Joffrey and tried to steal his throne. The Lannisters are treating me very well and provide me with every comfort. I beg you: come to King's Landing, swear fealty to King Joffrey and prevent any strife between the great houses of Lannister and Stark. Your faithfull sister, Sansa."
Arya rerolls the note and exits the room.  She locks the door behind her and leaves the hallway.  After a moment BAELISH emerges from a dark corner, watching ARYA with a smirk on his face.
JON and the raiding party land on the Beach of Eastwatch.  JON looks up at the castle.  The men collect their equipment and make for the castle.
TORMUND, JON, DAVOS, GENDRY, and JORAH sit at a table having a conversation.
TORMUND:  Isn't it your job to talk him out of stupid fucking ideas like this?
DAVOS:  I've been failing at that job of late.
TORMUND:  How many queens are there now?
JON:  Two.
TORMUND:  And you need to convince the one with the dragons or the one who fucks her brother?
JON:  Both.
TORMUND:  How many men did you bring?
JON looks around the table.
JON:  Not enough.
TORMUND:  The big woman?
JON smiles and shakes his head.  TORMUND is disappointed.
JORAH:  We were hoping some of your men could help.
DAVOS:  I'll be staying behind.  I'm a liability out there as you well know.
TORMUND nods his head.
TORMUND:  You are.
TORMUND turns to look at JON.
TORMUND:  You really want to go out there again?
JON nods.
TORMUND:  You're not the only ones.
The raiding party walk down to the Eastwatch cells.  TORMUND is leading them.
TORMUND:  My scouts found them a mile south of the Wall.  Said they were on their way here.
The men look into the cells.  It is occupied by SANDOR CLEGANE, THOROS of MYR, and BERIC DONDARRION.
JON:  You're The Hound.  I saw you once at Winterfell.
SANDOR pulls a blanket tight around himself and sits up from the table he was laying on.
TORMUND:  They want to go beyond the Wall too.
BERIC:  We don't want to go beyond the Wall, we have to.  Our lord told us the great war is coming.
GENDRY:  Don't trust them.  Don't trust any of them.
The men turn to look at GENDRY.  GENDRY walks up and presses his face to the bars of the cell.
GENDRY:  They're the Brotherhood.  And the last thing their Lord told them to do was sell me to a Red Witch to be murdered.
JORAH:  Thoros?
THOROS sits up from a dark corner.
JORAH:  I hardly recognized you.
THOROS:  Ser Jorah Mormont --
TORMUND turns and angrily looks at JORAH.
THOROS:  They won't give me anything to drink down here.  I haven't been feeling like myself.
TORMUND:  You're a fucking Mormont?  Like the last Lord Commander?
JORAH:  He was my father.
TORMUND:  He hunted us like animals.
JORAH:  You returned the favor, as I recall.
BERIC:  Here we all are at the edge of the world at the same moment heading in the same direction for the same reason.
DAVOS:  Our reasons aren't your reasons.
BERIC:  It doesn't matter what we think our reasons are.
BERIC stands up and walks towards the bars of the cell.
BERIC:  There's a greater purpose at work and we serve it together whether we know it or not.  We may take the steps but the Lord of Light --
SANDOR:  For fuck's sake, will you shut your hole.  Are we coming with you or not?
JORAH:  Don't you want to know what we're doing?
THOROS:  Is it worse than sitting in a freezing cell waiting to die?
JON:  He's right.  We're all on the same side.
GENDRY:  How can we be?
JON:  We're all breathing.
TORMUND hands the cell keys to JON.  JON opens the door and let the men out.
The ranger gate opens and the raiding party consisting of TORMUND, JON, GENDRY, THOROS, SANDOR, JORAH and BERIC stand at the edge of the true north.  There is a blizzard raging and snow blows over the tundra.  JON looks back at the party and the men glance at each other.  THOROS drinks from a flask of wine.  JON looks back to the north and the men begin marching into the wild.  A group of Wildlings pull a sled loaded with equipment behind the raiding party.  The men disappear into the white of the blizzard.
END CREDITS
The camera floats over the painted table showing detailed carvings of rivers, holdfasts, and cities.  A fire burns in the hearth.
CUT TO:  BEYOND THE WALL
A raiding party consisting of JON SNOW, TORMUND, GENDRY BRATHEON, JORAH MORMONT, SANDOR CLEGANE, BERIC DONDARRIAN, THOROS of MYR and several Wildlings are ranging beyond the wall of Eastwatch-by-the-Sea.  The men trek through a frozen valley filled with jagged rocks.  The Wildlings are pulling a sled loaded with gear and provisions.  The camera shifts and the men are climbing a steep mountain covered in snow.
JON(to Gendry):  Are you all right?
GENDRY faces JON and grunts.
JON:  Ever been north before?
GENDRY:  Never seen snow before.
TORMUND:  Beautiful, eh?  I can breath again.  Down south the air smells like pig shit.
JON:  You've never been down south.
TORMUND:  I've been to Winterfell.
JON:  That's the north.
The group of men continue north.  A Wildling scout is ahead of the group surveying the area.
GENDRY(to TORMUND):  How do you live up here?  How do you keep your balls from freezing off?
TORMUND:  You have to keep moving.  That's the secret.  Walking is good, fighting is better, fucking is best.
JON:  There's not another woman within 100 miles of here.
TORMUND turns to look at JON and GENDRY.
TORMUND:  We have to make due with what we've got.
JON glances at GENDRY.  GENDRY backs away from JON and TORMUND.
TORMUND:  This one is maybe not so smart.
JON:  Davos says he is a strong fighter.
TORMUND:  Good.  That's more important than being smart.
TORMUND looks at JON as they continue to walk.
TORMUND:  Smart people don't come up here looking for the dead.  So, you met this Dragon Queen, huh?  And?
JON:  She'll only fight beside us if I bend the knee.
TORMUND:  You spent too much time with the free folk and now you don't like kneeling.  Mance Rayder was a great man, a proud man.  The king beyond the wall never bent the knee.  How many of his people died for his pride?
The camera pans out to a frozen vista.  The men are walking across broken slabs of ice and tundra.  There are mountains and a lake of ice in the distance.  The view shifts to GENDRY walking along with THOROS, BERIC and SANDOR.  THOROS is carrying his wine flask.
THOROS:  Are you still mad at us, boy?
GENDRY:  You sold me to a witch.
THOROS:  Priestess.  I'll admit, it is a subtle distinction.
BERIC:  We're fighting a great war.  Wars cost money.
GENDRY:  I wanted to be one of you.  I wanted to join the Brotherhood but you sold me off like a slave.  Do you know what she did to me?  She strapped me down on a bed, she stripped me naked --
SANDOR:  Sounds all right so far.
SANDOR:  Was she naked too?
THOROS:  She needed your blood.
GENDRY:  Yes. Thank you.  I know that.
SANDOR steps in front of GENDRY to halt him.
SANDOR:  It could have been worse.
GENDRY:  She wanted to kill me.  They would have killed me if it wasn't for Davos --
SANDOR:  But they didn't, did they?  So what you whinging about?
GENDRY:  I'm not whinging.
SANDOR:  Your lips are moving and you're complaining about something.  That's whinging.
SANDOR motions to BERIC.
SANDOR:  This one's been killed six times.  You don't hear him bitching about it.
SANDOR walks away to join the group.  BERIC and THOROS smile to each other.  THOROS holds his wine flask out to GENDRY who takes a large gulp and hands it back to THOROS.
THOROS:  Good lad.
The camera shifts to the head of the line.  JON is walking with JORAH.
JON:  The first time I went north of the wall was with your father.
JORAH:  He was a good man.  He deserved a better son.  Were you with him at the end?
JON:  I was a prisoner of the Wildlings.  But we avenged him.  I want you to know that every mutineer found justice.
JORAH:  I can't think of a worse way for him to go.  The Night's Watch was his life.  He would have died to protect every one of those men, and they butchered him.
JON:  I hate that he died that way.  My father was the most honorable man I ever met.  He was good all the way through.  And he died on the executioner's block.
JORAH:  Your father wanted to execute me.
JON:  I heard.
JORAH:  He was in the right of course.  It didn't make me hate him any less.
JORAH and JON glance at each other.
JON:  I'm glad he didn't capture you.
JORAH:  Me too.
JON stops walking and loosens the belt holding his sword.
JON:  Your father gave me this sword.  He changed the pommel from a bear to a wolf, but it's still Long Claw.
JON hands the sword to JORAH.  JORAH slowly takes the sword and looks it over in his hands.
JON:  Lord Commander Mormont thought you'd never come back to Westeros.
JORAH stops examining the sword and looks up to JON.
JON:  But you are back and it's been in your family for centuries.  It's not right for me to have it.
JORAH pauses, then nods at JON.
JORAH:  He gave it to you.
JON:  I'm not his son.
JORAH pulls the sword halfway out of the sheath and inspects the blade, turning it in his hands.
JORAH:  I brought shame to my house.  I broke my father's heart.
JORAH resheaths the blade and hands it back to JON.
JORAH:  I forfeited the right to claim this sword.  It's yours.  May it serve you well and your children after you.
Snow is falling into the courtyard.  The ground is covered with several inches of snow.  Several braziers are burning and a servant carries a bucket of steaming water across the grounds.  ARYA is standing on the upper level looking into the courtyard.  SANSA approaches her from behind.
ARYA:  Father used to watch us from up here.  He wouldn't say much.  You probably don't remember.  You were inside knitting all the time.
SANSA:  I remember.
ARYA:  One time the boys were shooting arrows with Ser Rodrick.  I came out here after and Bran had left his bow behind just lying on the ground.  Ser Rodrick would have cuffed him if he saw.  There was one arrow in the target.  There was no one around, just like now.  No one to stop me.  So I started shooting.  And every shot I had to go out there and get my one arrow and walk back and shoot it again.  I wasn't very good.  Finally I hit the bullseye.  It could have been the 20th shot or the 50th.  I don't remember.  But I hit the bullseye and I heard this.
ARYA starts a slow clap.
ARYA:  I looked up and he's standing right here smiling down at me.  I knew what I was doing was against the rules.  But he was smiling so I knew it wasn't wrong.  The rules were wrong.  I was doing what I was meant to be doing and he knew it.  Now he's dead.  Killed by the Lannisters with your help.
SANSA turns to look at ARYA.
SANSA:  What?
ARYA retrieves a raven scroll from her pocket and unrolls it.
ARYA:  That's your pretty handwriting.  Septa Mordane used to crack my knuckles because I couldn't write as well as you.  "Robb, I write to you today with heavy heart.  Our good King Robert is dead.  Killed from wounds he took in a boar hunt --
SANSA:  You don't have to read it.  I remember.
ARYA:  "Father has been charged with treason.  He conspired with Robert's brothers against my beloved Joffrey and tried to steal his throne.  The Lannisters are treating me well and providing me with every comfort.  I beg you, come to King's Landing, swear fealty to King Joffrey and prevent any strife between the great houses of Lannister and Stark.  Your faithful sister, Sansa."
SANSA:  They forced me to do it.
ARYA:  Did they.  With a knife at your throat?  Did they put you on a rack and stretch you until your bones started to pop?
SANSA:  You don't know what it was like.  I was a child.
ARYA:  So was I.  I would have let them kill me before I betrayed my family.
SANSA:  They told me it was the only way to save father.
ARYA:  And you were stupid enough to believe them.  I remember you standing on that platform with Joffrey and Cersei when they dragged father too the block.  I remember the pretty dress you were wearing.  I remember the fancy way you did your hair.
SANSA:  You were there?
ARYA:  I was there standing in the crowd near Baelor's statue.
SANSA:  And what did you do?  Did you come running to the rescue?  Did you fight off the Lannisters and save father?
ARYA:  I wanted to.
SANSA:  But you didn't.  Just like me.
ARYA:  I didn't betray him.  I didn't betray Robb.  I didn't betray our entire family for my beloved Joffrey.
SANSA:  You should be on your knees thanking me.  We're standing in Winterfell again because of me.  You didn't win it back.  Jon didn't win it back.  He lost the Battle of the Bastards.  The Knight's of the Vale won the battle and they rode north for me while you were off where, traveling the world?
ARYA:  I was training.
SANSA:  Training.  Well, while you were training I suffered things you can never imagine.
ARYA:  Oh, I don't know about that.  I can imagine quite a lot.
SANSA:  You never would have survived what I survived.
ARYA:  I guess we'll never know.
SANSA:  What are you doing to do with that letter.
ARYA:  I don't know yet.
SANSA:  Who did you show it to?  Where did you find it?
ARYA:  You're scared, aren't you?  What are you scared of?  You didn't commit any crimes.  No one's going to hang you.
SANSA:  Arya --
ARYA:  Are you scared I'll show it to Jon and he'll be angry?  No.  That's not Jon.  He'll understand.  You were just a scared little girl all alone with the wicked Lannisters.
SANSA:  Do you know how happy Cersei would be if she saw us fighting?  This is exactly what she wants.  This is what she's always wanted, to tear us apart --
ARYA:  The northern lords will read it.  They wouldn't think much of Lady Sansa if they knew how she did Cersei's bidding.  What would little Lyanna Mormont say?  She's younger than you were when you wrote this.  Are you going to say, "But I was just a child"?
SANSA:  You're angry.  Sometimes anger makes people do unfortunate things.
ARYA:  Sometimes fear makes them do unfortunate things.  I'll go with anger.
ARYA turns and walks away.
The raiding party are marching single file acorss the frozen tundra.  SANDOR stops to tie a fur cover over his boot that came loose.  TORMUND approaches him.
TORMUND:  Youre the one they call the dog.
SANDOR:  Fuck off.
TORMUND:  They told me you were mean.  Were you born mean or you just hate Wildlings?
SANDOR:  I don't give two shits about Wildlings.
SANDOR looks up at TORMUND.
SANDOR:  Gingers I hate.
TORMUND:  Gingers are beautiful.  We are kissed by fire.  Just like you.
TORMUND points and motions to SANDOR's burned face.  SANDOR slaps his hand away.
SANDOR:  Don't point your fucking finger at me.
SANDOR walks away to rejoin the group.  TORMUND begins smiling and walks after him.
TORMUND:  Did you trip into the fire when you were a baby?
SANDOR:  I didn't trip.  I was pushed.
TORMUND:  Ever since you've been mean.
SANDOR:  Will you fuck off?
TORMUND:  I don't think you're truly mean.  You have sad eyes.
SANDOR stops and turns to TORMUND.
SANDOR:  Do you want to suck my dick?  Is that it?
TORMUND:  Dick?
SANDOR:  Cock.
TORMUND:  Ah.  Dick.  I like it.
SANDOR:  I bet you do.
SANDOR turns and begins walking, TORMUND follows.
TORMUND:  Nope.  It's pussy for me.  I have a beauty waiting for me back at Winterfell.  If I ever get back there.  Yellow hair.  Blue eyes.  Tallest woman you've ever seen.  Almost as tall as you.
SANDOR stops and glances at TORMUND.
SANDOR:  Brienne of Tarth.
TORMUND:  You know her?
SANDOR:  You're with Brienne of fucking Tarth?
TORMUND:  Well, not with her yet, but I see the way she looks at me.
SANDOR:  How does she look at you?  Like she wants to carve you up and eat your liver?
TORMUND nods.
TORMUND:  You do know her.
SANDOR:  We've met.
SANDOR and TORMUND begin walking.
TORMUND:  I want to make babies with her.  Think of the great big monsters.  They'd conquer the world.
SANDOR:  How did a mad fucker like you live this long?
TORMUND:  I'm good at killing people.
The camera shifts to the middle of the line.  JON and BERIC are walking together.
BERIC:  You don't much look like him.
JON:  Who's that?
BERIC:  Your father.  I suppose you favor your mother.
JON:  You knew him?
BERIC:  Of course I did.  When he was Hand he sent me off hunting for The Mountain.  Your Wildling friend told me the red woman brought you back.  Thoros has brought me back six times.  We both serve the same lord.
JON:  I serve the north.
BERIC:  The north didn't raise you from the dead.
JON:  The lord of light never spoke to me.  I don't know anything about him.  I don't know what he wants from me.
BERIC:  He wants you alive.
JON:  Why?
BERIC:  I don't know.
JON:  That's all anyone can tell me, I don't know.  So what's the point in serving a god that none of us knows what he wants.
BERIC:  I think about that all the time.  I don't think it's our purpose to understand except one thing.  We're soldiers.  We have to know what we're fighting for.  I'm not fighting so some man or woman I barely know can sit on a throne made of swords.
JON:  So what are you fighting for?
BERIC:  Life.  Death is the enemy.  The first enemy and the last.
JON:  But we all die.
BERIC:  The enemy always wins.  And we still need to fight him.  That's all I know.  You and I wont find much joy while we're here.  But we can keep others alive.  We can defend those who can't defend themselves.
JON:  "I am the shield that guards the realms of men."
BERIC:  Maybe we don't need to understand any more than that.  Maybe that's enough.
JON:  Aye.  Maybe that's enough.
SANDOR stops and looks into the distance.  There is a steep mountain ascending into the clouds in the distance.
SANDOR:  That's what I saw in the fire.
SANDOR points towards the mountain.
SANDOR:  A mountain like an arrowhead.
THOROS:  Are you sure?
SANDOR turns to THOROS and nods his head.
SANDOR:  We're getting close.
The men start walking towards the base of the mountain.
TYRION is sitting in a chair staring into the fire.  DAENERYS stands across the room next to the painted table.
DAENERYS:  Do you know what I like about you?
TYRION turns to look at DAENERYS.
TYRION:  I honestly don't.
DAENERYS:  You're not a hero.
TYRION:  Oh.  I've been heroic on occasion.
DAENERYS walks over to the fire and sits in the chair opposite from TYRION.
TYRION:  I once charged through the mud gate of King's Landing.
DAENERYS:  I don't want you to be a hero.  Heroes do stupid things and they die.  Drogo, Jorah, Dario, even this Jon Snow, they all try to outdo each other of who can do the stupidist, bravest thing.
TYRION:  It's interesting these heroes you name.  Drogo, Jorah, Dario, even this Jon Snow, they all fell in love with you.
DAENERYS:  Jon Snow's not in love with me.
TYRION:  Oh, my mistake.  I suppose he stares at you longingly because he's hopeful for a successful military alliance.
EXT. Outside King's Landing
GREY WORM and the Unsullied stand in formation in front of King's Landing. JAIME and the Lannister forces survey them from atop the rampart. BRONN walks the length of the rampart, overseeing the men.
The camera shifts to a courtyard. The soldiers work, boiling pitch, filling barrels and rolling them up to the defensive wall.
BRONN: Oil?
SOLDIER: Pitch, my lord.
BRONN: How many barrels?
SOLDIER: 500, my lord.
BRONN: Get 500 more.
SOLDIER:  Yes, my lord.
The soldier exits and BRONN walks the wall to JAIME
BRONN: I still enjoy it when they call me "my lord."
JAIME: The thrill will fade.
BRONN: If we live that long. Men without cocks. You wouldn't find me fighting in an army if I had no cock. What's left to fight for?
JAIME: Gold?
BRONN: I spent my life around soldiers. What do you think they spend that gold on?
JAIME: Family.
BRONN: Not without a cock, you don't.
JAIME: Maybe it really is all cocks in the end.
BRONN: Yet, your brother--
JAIME: Yes, he's always been a champion of the downtrodden.
A trumpet blares. Men howl and whoop in the distance, accompanied by thundering hoofbeats. The Dothraki crest the hill behind the disciplined unsullied army. They are savage and shrieking. They ride through and past the Unsullied.
BRONN: I think we're about to be the downtrodden.
MAN: Archers, stand tall!
MAN #2: Cover that wall!
EXT. The Sea Outside King's Landing
An Ironborn fleet rests next to the castle. More Ironborn ships approach.
CUT TO: Deck of Ironborn Ship.
TYRION, THEON and VARYS stand on deck, looking to the distance as their ship sails in. TYRION joins JON, JORAH, MISSANDEI and JORAH on the foredeck.
JON:  How many people live here?
TYRION: A million, give or take.
JON: That's more people than the entire North crammed into that. Why would anyone want to live that way?
TYRION: There's more work in the city. And the brothels are far superior.
INT. Below deck of the Ironborn Ship
SANDOR descends a staircase into a dark hold, bearing a lantern. He advances carefully and stops at a crate. He gives one knock, and the WIGHT screeches in a frenzy, shaking his crate prison. Satisfied that the WIGHT lives, SANDOR turns and exits.
INT. King's Landing
CERSEI, QYBURN and JAIME stand in a royal chamber.
CERSEI: Why isn't she with them?
QYBURN: I'm afraid I don't know, Your Grace. No one has seen her.
CERSEI: And the rest of them?
QYBURN: They're on their way to the dragon pit now.
CERSEI: Including our brother.
QYBURN: Yes, Your Grace.
CERSEI and JAIME walk into the adjacent room, where the MOUNTAIN stands.
CERSEI:  If anything goes wrong, kill the silver-haired bitch first, then our brother, then the bastard who calls himself king.
CERSEI exits, followed by the MOUNTAIN, QYBURN and JAIME
EXT. Outside King's Landing
JON, TYRION, JORAH, MISSANDEI and DAVOS walk ahead of their Dothraki guards. VARYS, THEON and SANDOR are further back.
MISSANDEI: Why did they build it?
JORAH: Dragons don't understand the difference between what is theirs and what isn't. Land, livestock, children... Letting them roam free around a city was a problem.
TYRION: I imagine it was a sad joke at the end. An entire arena for a few sickly creatures smaller than dogs. But in the beginning, when it was home to Balerion the Dread, it must have been the most dangerous place in the world.
Lannister guards approach, led by BRONN and accompanied by BRIENNE and PODRICK.
DAVOS: Maybe it still is.
BRONN: Welcome, my lords. Your friends arrived before you did.
The Dothraki, led by Qhono, look suspicious. BRIENNE and SANDOR exchange a look.
BRONN: I've been sent to escort you all to the meeting.
The Lannister guards part, clearing the path. TYRION nods to QHONO, who takes the lead. The Dothraki all move forward, followed by the rest. PODRICK meets TYRION.
TYRION: A pleasant surprise in an unpleasant situation.
PODRICK: I never thought I'd see you again, my lord.
TYRION: Supporting the enemy, no less.
PODRICK: Hard to blame you.
TYRION: Cersei will anyway.
PODRICK: I'm glad you're alive.
BRONN: Come on! You can suck his magic cock later.
TYRION: (Shakes his head.)
CUT TO: Further back on the road.
The WIGHT's crate is drawn by horses, en route to the meeting site.
SOLDIER: What's in there?
SANDOR: Fuck off.
BRIENNE: I thought you were dead.
SANDOR: Not yet. You came pretty close.
BRIENNE: I was only trying to protect her.
SANDOR: You and me both.
BRIENNE: She's alive. Arya.
SANDOR: Where?
BRIENNE: Winterfell.
SANDOR: Who's protecting her if you're here?
BRIENNE: The only one that needs protecting is the one that gets in her way.
SANDOR: It won't be me.
The camera shifts forward as they travel to the meeting.
TYRION: Here we are the heroes of Blackwater Bay. Strange place for a reunion.
PODRICK: It is, my lord.
TYRION: I don't think I'm anyone's lord anymore, Podrick. Save the titles for Ser Bronn of the Blackwater.
BRONN: I'm sure your new queen--
TYRION: You've been thinking about our new queen.
VARYS: And that would be double what now, exactly?
BRONN: Don't you worry about me. I'm doing all right. Looking after myself.
TYRION: Are you? Helping me to arrange this meeting wasn't exactly looking after yourself, was it? You put yourself at risk.
BRONN: I put yourself at risk. Important difference. It's your head Queen Cersei's offered a bag of gold for, it's not mine. Now, thanks to me, she's got two traitors' heads coming right through her door. She can lop them both off as soon as she gets tired of the clever words that pour out their pieholes. All thanks to Ser Bronn of the fucking Blackwater. If that's not looking after myself, I don't know what is.
TYRION: It's good to see you again.
BRONN: Yeah, you, too.
CUT TO: Outside the Dragon PIt
SANDOR attends to the cart transporting the WIGHT.
SANDOR: Anyone touches it, I'll kill you first.
CUT TO: The Dragon Pit
The party enters the ruin of the dragon pit. Lannister banners decorate the walls, and the stage has been furnished with open tents for the summit. Everyone files in, Lannisters to the right, Northerns to the left.
BRONN: Come on, Pod. Let's you and me go have a drink while the fancy folks talk, eh?
BRIENNE gives her permission to PODRICK, who exits with BRONN. JON watches them go.
JORAH and TYRION look around. SANDOR paces.
SANDOR: I left this shit city because I didn't want to die in it. Am I going to die in this shit city?
TYRION: You might.
SANDOR: And this is all your idea. Seems every bad idea has some Lannister cunt behind it.
TYRION: And some Clegane cunt to help them see it through.
CERSEI enters with the MOUNTAIN, QYBURN, EURON and JAIME. JON and CERSEI exchange glances. So do BRIENNE and JAIME, CERSEI and TYRION, EURON and THEON. The royal party seats themselves, and SANDOR and the MOUNTAIN exchange looks. The Cleganes walk to confront one another before the dais.
SANDOR: Remember me? Yeah, you do. You're even fucking uglier than I am now. What did they do to you? Doesn't matter. That's not how it ends for you, brother.
SANDOR walks away. The MOUNTAIN watches him go, then takes his place behind Cersei.
CERSEI: Where is she?
TYRION: She'll be here soon.
CERSEI: Didn't travel with you?
TYRION: No.
Everyone waits. Then, dragons screech. JAIME and EURON stand to watch the dragons arrive.  Drogon lands powerfully next to the stage and roars. TYRION turns to look at CERSEI. JON and DAVOS look on as Drogon roars again, lowering his head to reveal DAENERYS on his back. Drogon climbs down to the dragon pit, and DAENERYS dismounts. She walks to the dais as Drogon flies away. DAENERYS and CERSEI eye one another as she takes her seat next to TYRION.
CERSEI: We've been here for some time.
DAENERYS: My apologies.
DAENERYS looks to TYRION, who stands in response.
TYRION: We are all facing a unique
EURON: Theon! I have your sister
TYRION and JAIME exchange confused glances. JAIME shakes TYRION off.
TYRION: I think we ought to begin with larger concerns.
EURON: Then why are you talking? You're the smallest concern here.
EURON walks towards TYRION.
TYRION: Do you remember when we discussed dwarf jokes? His wasn't even good. He explained it at the end. Never explain. It always ruins it.
EURON: We don't even let your kind live in the Iron Islands, you know? We kill you at birth. An act of mercy for the parents.
JAIME: Perhaps you ought to sit down.
EURON: Why?
CERSEI: Sit down or leave.
The MOUNTAIN moves forward, threatening to enforce CERSEI's will. EURON laughs and returns to his seat. THEON watches silently.
TYRION: We are a group of people who do not like one another, as this recent demonstration has shown. We have suffered at each other's hands. We have lost people we love at each other's hands. If all we wanted was more of the same, there would be no need for this gathering. We are entirely capable of waging war against each other without meeting face-to-face.
CERSEI: So instead, we should settle our differences and live together in harmony for the rest of our days?
TYRION: We all know that will never happen.
CERSEI: Then why are we here?
JON rises and walks forward to make his case.
JON: This isn't about living in harmony. It's just about living. The same thing is coming for all of us. A general you can't negotiate with. An army that doesn't leave corpses behind on the battlefield. Lord Tyrion tells me a million people live in this city. They're about to become a million more soldiers in the Army of the Dead.
CERSEI: I imagine for most of them it would be an improvement.
JON: This is serious. I wouldn't be here if it weren't.
CERSEI: I don't think it's serious at all. I think it's another bad joke. If my brother Jaime has informed me correctly, you're asking me for a truce.
DAENERYS: Yes. That's all.
CERSEI: That's all? Pull back my armies and stand down while you go on your monster hunt. Or while you solidify and expand your position. Hard for me to know which it is with my armies pulled back until you return and march on my capital with four times the men.
DAENERYS: Your capital will be safe until the northern threat is dealt with. You have my word.
CERSEI: The word of a would-be usurper.
TYRION: There is no conversation that will erase the last 50 years. We have something to show you.
SANDOR returns, bearing the crate on his back. He puts it down, removes the chains and bars that lock it. He removes the lid, and stands back in caution, grasping the hilt of his sword. Nothing happens. He kicks over the crate to reveal the WIGHT, who charges towards CERSEI, screeching horribly. SANDOR follows, while the WIGHT reaches for the frozen CERSEI. At the last minute, SANDOR pulls the chain that binds him, yanking the WIGHT off of its feet.  JAIME and the MOUNTAIN stand to protect CERSEI. The WIGHT turns its attention to SANDOR. He draws his sword, and slices the WIGHT in half as it attacks him. Both halves of the WIGHT continue to move. The upper half crawls towards SANDOR, who slices away a forearm. QYBURN picks up the undead arm to examine it. JON takes it, and with Davos's help, lights a torch.
JON:  We can destroy them by burning them.
JON sets the hand aflame, and it writhes. The WIGHT screeches helplessly. JON drops the arm.
JON: And we can destroy them with dragonglass. If we don't win this fight, then that is the fate of every person in the world.
JON stabs the WIGHT in the heart with his dragonglass knife, and the WIGHT falls lifeless after a final screech. CERSEI stares in disbelief, and DAENERYS watches. JON approaches CERSEI.
JON: There is only one war that matters the Great War. And it is here.
CERSEI looks to JAIME.
DAENERYS: I didn't believe it until I saw them. I saw them all.
JAIME: How many?
DAENERYS: A hundred thousand, at least.
EURON rises to investigate the lifeless WIGHT.
EURON: Can they swim?
JON: No.
EURON: Good. I'm taking the Iron Fleet back to the Iron Islands.
CERSEI: What are you talking about?
EURON: I've been around the world. I've seen everything, things you couldn't imagine, and this this is the only thing I've ever seen that terrifies me.
EURON walks over to DAENERYS.
EURON: I'm going back to my island. You should go back to yours. When winter's over, we'll be the only ones left alive.
EURON exits.
CERSEI: He's right to be afraid. And a coward to run. If those things come for us, there will be no kingdoms to rule. Everything we suffered will have been for nothing. Everything we lost will have been for nothing. The crown accepts your truce. Until the dead are defeated, they are the true enemy.
JON: (SIGHS)
CERSEI: In return, the King
DAENERYS: Just the King
CERSEI: (CHUCKLES) I would never ask it of you. You would never agree to it. And if you did, I would trust you even less than I do now. I ask it only of Ned Stark's son. I know Ned Stark's son.
JON looks to DAVOS and DAENERYS.
JON: I am true to my word. Or I try to be. That is why I cannot give you what you ask. I cannot serve two queens. And I have already pledged myself to Queen Daenerys of House Targaryen.
CERSEI: Then there is nothing left to discuss. The dead will come north first. Enjoy dealing with them. We will deal with whatever is left of you.
CERSEI, JAIME, QYBURN and the MOUNTAIN move to leave. BRIENNE follows.
BRIENNE: Ser Jaime.
JAIME: It's been good to see you. I imagine the next time will be across a battlefield.
BRIENNE: We both saw what just happened. We both saw that thing.
JAIME: Yes, and I'm not looking forward to seeing more of them. But I'm loyal to the queen and you're loyal to Sansa and her dolt brother.
BRIENNE hits JAIME on the arm
BRIENNE: Oh, fuck loyalty!
JAIME: Fuck loyalty?
BRIENNE: This goes beyond houses and honor and oaths. Talk to the queen.
JAIME looks to CERSEI, who turns and walks away with QYBURN.
JAIME: And tell her what?
JAIME exits.
Those that remain contemplate what has happened.
DAVOS: I wish you hadn't done that.
DAENERYS: I'm grateful for your loyalty, but my dragon died so that we could be here. If it's all for nothing, then he died for nothing.
JON: I know!
TYRION: I'm pleased you bent the knee to our queen
JON: I'm not going to swear an oath I can't uphold. Talk about my father.
TYRION: That is indeed a problem. The more immediate problem is that we're fucked.
DAVOS: Any ideas as to how we might change that state of affairs?
TYRION: Only one. Everyone stays here, and I go and talk to my sister.
DAENERYS: I didn't come all this way to have my Hand
TYRION: I don't want Cersei to murder me either. I could have stayed in my cell and saved a great deal of trouble.
JON: I did this. I should go.
TYRION:  She'll definitely murder you. I go see my sister.
DAENERYS: (Nods)
Tyrion exits.
CUT TO: King's Landing portico
Tyrion walks the halls of the castle, followed by the MOUNTAIN. He meets with JAIME.
TYRION: You spoke with her?
JAIME: At her until she kicked me out. She thinks I was an idiot to trust you. A lot of people seem to think that, actually.
TYRION: I'm about to step into a room with the most murderous woman in the world who's already tried to kill me twice, that I know of. Who's an idiot?
JAIME: I suppose we should say goodbye, one idiot to another.
TYRION advances, and the MOUNTAIN leads him inside
CUT TO: Council Chamber.
The MOUNTAIN accompanies TYRION into the chamber to meet CERSEI.
CERSEI: I shouldn't be surprised, I suppose. She's your kind of woman a foreign whore who doesn't know her place.
TYRION: A foreign whore you can't abduct, beat, or intimidate. That must be difficult for you.
CERSEI: So you bring her here with her pet Northerner,  whom you've convinced to bow down before her.
TYRION:  I didn't know about that.
CERSEI: And now you've got them both working towards the same goal, the goal you've worked towards your entire life.
TYRION:  Cersei, I didn't know.
CERSEI: the destruction of this family.
TYRION: I am the one preventing that from happening. Daenerys didn't want to debate and negotiate. She didn't want to bring you words. She wanted to bring you fire and blood until I advised her otherwise. I don't want to destroy our family. I never have.
CERSEI: You killed our father
TYRION: After he sentenced me to death for a crime I didn't commit, yes, I killed him. Hate me for it if you want. I hate myself for it in spite of what he was, in spite of what he did to me.
CERSEI: Oh, poor little man. Your papa was mean to you. Do you have any idea what you did when you fired that crossbow? You left us open. You laid us bare for the vultures, and the vultures came and tore us apart. You may not have killed Joffrey, but you killed Myrcella, you killed Tommen. No one would've touched them if Father--
TYRION:  I have never been more sorry about anything.
CERSEI: I will not hear it, not from you.
TYRION: (starts)
CERSEI: I will not hear it!
TYRION: All right. You love your family, and I have destroyed it. I will always be a threat. So put an end to me.
CERSEI pauses.
TYRION: If it weren't for me, you'd have a motherIf it weren't for me, you'd have a father.
The MOUNTAIN readies to draw his sword. CERSEI sighs and sits back, eyes closed. The MOUNTAIN stands back. TYRION pours himself some wine and drinks it down. He pours another glass, and walks back to CERSEI, placing his cup on her desk. He takes another glass..
TYRION: I am more sorry about the children than you could ever know.
CERSEI: I will not
TYRION:  I don't care. I loved them. You know I did. You know it in your heart if there's anything left of it.
TYRION pours himself wine and takes a drink.
CERSEI: It doesn't matter. Your love doesn't matter. Your feelings don't matter. I don't care why you did what you did. I only care what it cost us. It cost us our future.
TYRION: If there's no future, then why are we here? Why did you allow me to come?
CERSEI: Not to help my enemies collaborate in my destruction.
TYRION: Yes, no, not what you hoped for, but you must have hoped for something.
CERSEI: What did you hope for?  To make Jon Snow submit to your queen.
TYRION: Mm, not like this.
CERSEI: But eventually, you want everyone to bend the knee to her.
TYRION: Yes.
CERSEI: Why?
TYRION: Because I think she will make the world a better place.
CERSEI: You said she'd destroy King's Landing.
TYRION: She knows herself. She chose an advisor who would check her worst impulses instead of feeding them.
CERSEI: That's the difference between you. I don't care about checking my worst impulses. I don't care about making the world a better place. Hang the world.
CERSEI cradles her belly and TYRION notices. She takes a deep breath.
CERSEI: That thing you dragged here, I know what it is, I know what it means. And when it came at me, I didn't think about the world. Not at all. As soon as it opened its mouth, the world disappeared for me, right down its black throat. All I could think about was keeping those gnashing teeth away from the ones who matter most, away from my family. Maybe Euron Greyjoy had the right idea. Get on a boat, take those who matter.
TYRION: You're pregnant.
CERSEI does not answer.
CUT TO: Side Area of the Dragon Pit
JON picks up some bleached bones from the dirt floor. DAENERYS approaches him.
JON: No one is less happy about this than I am.
DAENERYS: I know. I respect what you did. Wish you hadn't done it, but I respect it.
DAENERYS takes the bone from JON.
DAENERYS: This place was the beginning of the end for my family. (Speaks Valerian.) A dragon is not a slave. They were terrifying. Extraordinary. They filled people with wonder and awe, and we locked them in here. They wasted away. They grew small. And we grew small as well. We weren't extraordinary without them. We were just like everyone else.
She hands the bone back to JON.
JON: You're not like everyone else. And your family hasn't seen its end. You're still here.
DAENERYS: I can't have children.
JON: Who told you that?
DAENERYS: The witch who murdered my husband.
JON: Has it occurred to you she might not have been a reliable source of information?
DAENERYS: You were right from the beginning. If I had trusted you, everything would be different.
JON: So, what now?
DAENERYS: I can't forget what I saw north of the Wall. And I can't pretend that Cersei won't take back half the country the moment I march north.
JON: It appears Tyrion's assessment was correct. We're fucked.
DAENERYS: (Laughs)
They hear footsteps, and they walk back to the others. The camera shifts to the main area of the Dragon Pit. TYRION walks in alone. He is followed by CERSEI, the MOUNTAIN, QYBURN, JAIME and the Lannister guards. The northern delegation watches as they approach the dais.
CERSEI: My armies will not stand down. I will not pull them back to the capital. I will march them north to fight alongside you in the Great War. The darkness is coming for us all. We'll face it together. And when the Great War is over, perhaps you'll remember I chose to help with no promises or assurances from any of you. I expect not. Call our banners. All of them.
CUT TO: The North
A raven flies in the wintery night towards Winterfell.
CUT TO: Winterfell interior
LITTLEFINGER: It's not easy for ravens to fly in these storms. Perhaps Jon tried to send word earlier.
SANSA: No, this is the way he is, the way he's always been. He never asked for my opinion. Why would he start now?
LITTLEFINGER: I can't believe he'd surrender the Northern crown without consulting you.
SANSA: This is his writing, his signature. He pledged to fight for Daenerys Targaryen. He's bent the knee.
LITTLEFINGER: I've heard gossip that the Dragon Queen is quite beautiful.
SANSA: What does that have to do with anything?
LITTLEFINGER: Jon is young and unmarried. Daenerys is young and unmarried.
SANSA: You think he wants to marry her?
LITTLEFINGER: An alliance makes sense. Together, they'd be difficult to defeat. He was named King.
SANSA: Even if I wanted to, Arya would never go along. She always loved Jon far more than she ever loved me, and she'd kill anyone who betrayed her family.
LITTLEFINGER: You are family, too. Would Arya really murder her own sister?
SANSA: Do you know what she is now? Do you know what the Faceless Men are?
LITTLEFINGER: Only by reputation. They worship the God of Death, I believe. I never trust godly men.
SANSA: They're killers. And Arya was one of them. What do you think she's after?
LITTLEFINGER: She's your sister
SANSA: She could want me dead because she thinks I wronged my family.
LITTLEFINGER: Why did she come to Winterfell?
SANSA: To kill me for marrying our enemies and betraying my family.
LITTLEFINGER: Why did she unearth the letter Cersei made you write?
SANSA: To provide proof of my betrayals. To provide justification after she murders me.
LITTLEFINGER: And after she murders you, what does she become?
SANSA: Lady
SANSA contemplates.
CUT TO: Dragonstone Map Room
JON, DAENERYS, DAVOS, JORAH, THEON, VARYS, MISSANDEI, GREY WORM and TYRION strategize.
JON: If we have the Dothraki ride hard on the kingsroad, they'll arrive at Winterfell within the fortnight.
DAENERYS: And the Unsullied? We can sail with them to White Harbor, meet the Dothraki here on the kingsroad, then ride together to Winterfell.
JORAH: Perhaps you should fly to Winterfell, Your Grace. You have many enemies in the North. Thousands fell fighting your fatherAll it takes is one angry man with a crossbow. He'll see your silver hair on the kingsroad and know that one well-placed bolt will make him a hero. The man who killed the conqueror.
JON: It's your decision, Your Grace. But if we're going to be allies in this war, it's important for the Northerners to see us as allies. If we sail to White Harbor together, I think it sends a better message.
DAENERYS: I've not come to conquer the North. I'm coming to save the North. We sail together.
CUT TO: Dragonstone Throne Room
JON and DAVOS walk through the room, away from the meeting. THEON trails behind.
THEON: Jon.
JON and DAVOS stop and turn.
THEON: Can I speak with you?
JON: All right.
DAVOS exits.
THEON: What you did in King's Landing, what you said... You could've lied to Cersei about bending the knee to Daenerys. You risked everything to tell an enemy the truth.
JON: We went down there to make peace. And it seems to me we need to be honest with each other if we're going to fight together.
THEON: You've always known what was right. Even when we were all young and stupid, you always knew. Every step you take it's always the right step.
JON: It's not. It may seem that way from the outside, but I promise you, it's not true. I've done plenty of things that I regret.
THEON: Not compared to me, you haven't.
JON: No. Not compared to you.
THEON: I always wanted to do the right thing. Be the right kind of person. But I never knew what that meant. It always seemed like there's like there was an impossible choice I had to make. Stark or Greyjoy.
JON: Our father was more of a father.
THEON: He was.
JON: And you betrayed him. Betrayed his memory.
THEON: I did.
JON: (SIGHS) But you never lost him. He's a part of you. Just like he's a part of me.
THEON: But the things I've done.
JON: It's not my place to forgive you for all of it. But what I can forgive, I do. You don't need to choose. You're a Greyjoy and you're a Stark.
THEON: When I was Ramsay's prisoner, Yara tried to save me. She's the only one who tried to save me. (SNIFFLES) She needs me now.
JON: So, why are you still talking to me?
JON exits.
CUT TO: The shores of King's Landing
HARRAG and the ironborn load their skiffs, preparing to depart.
HARRAG: Load up. Load up, lads. Go on. Tide's coming in.
THEON approaches
THEON: All of us chose to follow Yara. We left the Iron Islands for Yara. She would never leave one of us behind. We're not leaving her behind.
HARRAG: Your sister--
THEON:  She's not dead.
HARRAG:  She's dead. Even if Euron hasn't cut her throat yet, she's dead.
THEON: She's our queen
HARRAG: She's your sister
THEON: I did. I ran from my uncle.
HARRAG: So, why in fuck's name should we listen to you? They say the dead can't swim. We're going to sail east, find a nice, quiet island, kill all the men, and take their wives for ourselves.
THEON:  We're done with all that.
HARRAG: Who says we are?
THEON: Yara did. She made a pledge. We're going to find her, and we're going to set her free.
HARRAG spits in THEON's face. The men laugh.
HARRAG: Run away, little Theon. It's what you do best.
MAN: He needs to shut his mouth.
HARRAG swings a strong blow to THEON's chin. THEON reels, but recovers to throw a counter-punch. HARRAG evades the blow, they grapple and THEON is thrown to the ground.
MAN: Hey!
The ironborn are enjoying the fight. THEON gets up and the grapple, before HARRAG lands a head butt. Followed by a leveling punch to the face.
MAN #2: Oh, yes!
MAN #3: That's more like it.
THEON charges, grabbing HARRAG around the waist. But HARRAG gets the better of him, and THEON ends up back on the sand, bloodied.
HARRAG: Stay down or I'll kill you!
THEON gets up, woozy. HARRAG punches him again, and he crumbles to the sand, groaning.
HARRAG: (panting) I said stay down or I'll kill you!
THEON gets up again, and they set on one another. HARRAG knees THEON in the groin, but there is no reaction. He does it again. THEON is emboldened. He head butts HARRAG, then tackles him. He sits astride HARRAG and delivers repeated, punishing blows to his bloodied face. HARRAG is defeated.
THEON: Not for me. For Yara!
MEN: Yara!
THEON staggers to the water, and he cleanses his face.
CUT TO: King's Landing Exterior
Sansa contemplates the landscape on a grey, snowy day from the ramparts of Winterfell. She makes up her mind and walks towards a guard.
SANSA: Have my sister
CUT TO: The Great Hall of Winterfell
SANSA and BRAN sit at the great table, with WOLKAN standing to the side. The room is filled with northmen. The guards escort ARYA into the hall, and leave her standing alone in front of the table. ARYA looks around and spies YOHN ROYCE, then LITTLEFINGER.
ARYA: Are you sure you want to do this?
SANSA: It's not what I want. It's what honor demands.
ARYA: And what does honor demand?
SANSA: That I defend my family from those who would harm us. That I defend the North from those who would betray us.
ARYA: All right, then. Get on with it.
SANSA: You stand accused of murder. You stand accused of treason. How do you answer these charges Lord Baelish?
SANSA and ARYA turn their heads towards LITTLEFINGER, as do the others in the room. LITTLEFINGER is dumbfounded.
ARYA: My sister
LITTLEFINGER: Lady Sansa, forgive me I'm a bit confused.
SANSA: Which charges confuse you? Let's start with the simplest one you murdered our aunt, Lysa Arryn. You pushed her through the Moon Door and watched her fall. Do you deny it?
LITTLEFINGER: I did it to protect you.
SANSA: You did it to take power in the Vale. Earlier, you conspired to murder Jon.
LITTLEFINGER: Whatever your aunt
SANSA: You had Aunt Lysa send a letter to our parents telling them it was the Lannisters who murdered Jon.
LITTLEFINGER: I know of no such letter.
SANSA: You conspired with Cersei Lannister and Joffrey Baratheon to betray our father.
LITTLEFINGER: I deny it! None of you were there to see what happened. None of you knows the truth.
BRAN: You held a knife to his throat.
LITTLEFINGER turns to face BRAN, surprised at this knowledge he has.
BRAN: You said, "I did warn you not the trust me."
ARYA: You told our mother
ARYA draws the knife.
LITTLEFINGER: Lady Sansa, I have known you since you were a girl. I've protected you.
SANSA: Protected me? By selling me to the Boltons?
LITTLEFINGER: If we could speak alone, I can explain everything.
SANSA: Sometimes when I'm trying to understand a person's motives, I play a little game. I assume the worst. What's the worst reason you have for turning me against my sisterThat's what you do, isn't it? That's what you've always done turn family against family, turn sister against sister. That's what you did to our mother.
LITTLEFINGER: Sansa, please.
SANSA: I'm a slow learner, it's true. But I learn.
LITTLEFINGER: Give me a chance to defend myself. I deserve that.
SANSA: (Nods.)
LITTLEFINGER: I am Lord Protector of the Vale and I command you to escort me safely back to the Eyrie.
JOHN ROYCE: I think not.
LITTLEFINGER kneels before SANSA.
LITTLEFINGER: Sansa, I beg you! I loved your mother since the time I was a boy.
SANSA: And yet, you betrayed her.
LITTLEFINGER: I loved you. More than anyone.
SANSA: And yet, you betrayed me.
SANSA rises.
SANSA: When you brought me back to Winterfell, you told me there's no justice in the world, not unless we make it. Thank you for all your many lessons, Lord Baelish. I will never forget them.
ARYA steps briskly towards LITTLEFINGER, and slashes his throat with his own knife, swiftly.
LITTLEFINGER: Sansa! (GASPS) I--
ARYA returns tableside, and everyone watches as LITTLEFINGER dies.
CUT TO: An Interior Courtyard in King's Landing.
Jaime paces into the yard. CERSEI watches from the upper level.
JAIME: Our men in King's Landing will march north in three days' time.
MAN: It'll take us a fortnight just to gather supplies for the train.
JAIME: We don't have a fortnight. If the North falls, we fall. Three days. The remaining forces in the Westerlands will take the river road east. We'll meet at Lord Harroway's Town and march together to Winterfell.
CERSEI: Ser Jaime.
JAIME: Your Grace.
The lords bow in union to CERSEI
CERSEI: My lords, I need a moment with my brother.
MEN: Your Grace.
JAIME dismisses them and the lords exit. CERSEI walks down to ground level to join him.
CERSEI: What are you doing?
JAIME: Preparing the expedition north.
CERSEI: Expedition north? I always knew you were the stupidest Lannister. The Starks and Targaryens have united against us, and you want to fight alongside them? Are you a traitor or an idiot?
JAIME: You pledged our forces to fight our common enemy.
CERSEI: I'll say whatever I need to say to ensure the survival of our house. You expect me to trust the man who murdered our father.
JAIME: You saw it with your own eyes. You saw a dead man trying to kill us.
CERSEI: I saw it burn. If dragons can't stop them, if Dothraki and Unsullied and Northmen can't stop them, how will our armies make a difference?
JAIME: This isn't about noble houses, this is about the living and the dead!
CERSEI: And I intend to stay amongst the living. Let the Stark boy and his new queen--
JAIME: I made a promise.
CERSEI: Our child will rule Westeros.
JAIME: Our child will never be born if the dead come south.
CERSEI: The monsters are real. The white walkers, the dragons, the Dothraki screamers all the frightening stories we heard when we were young, they're all real. So be it. Let the monsters kill each other. And while they battle in the North, we take back the lands that belong to us.
JAIME: And then what?
CERSEI: And then we rule.
JAIME: When the fighting in the North is over, someone wins. You understand that, don't you? If the dead win, they march south and kill us all. If the living win, and we've betrayed them, they march south and kill us all!
CERSEI: The Targaryens and the Starks already want to kill us all. Most of them will die in the North.
JAIME: I faced them in the field. We can't beat them. We can't beat their dragons.
CERSEI: How many dragons did you see at the pit?
JAIME: Two.
CERSEI: What happened to the third?
JAIME: For all we know, it's guarding her fleet!
CERSEI: She came here with her dragons and her Dothraki and her Unsullied. She came here to show us all her power. No, something happened.The dragons are vulnerable.
JAIME: We can't beat the Dothraki. We don't have the numbers. We don't have the support of the other houses!
CERSEI: No, we have something better. We have the Iron Bank. You should've listened more when Father--
JAIME: The Golden Company is not here. They're in Essos. How is a mercenary company in Essos going to help us?
CERSEI: Do you really think Euron Greyjoy turned tail and sailed back to the Iron Islands? Do you think he abandoned the chance to marry the queen?
JAIME: You plotted with Euron Greyjoy without telling me, the commander.
CERSEI: And you conspired with Tyrion, the man who murdered our father without telling me, your queen.
JAIME: I didn't conspire with him.
CERSEI: You met with him in secret without my consent. You planned to promote my enemies' interests. That is the definition of conspiracy.
JAIME: I pledged to ride north. I intend to honor that pledge.
CERSEI: And that will be treason.
JAIME: Treason?
CERSEI: Disobeying your queen
JAIME: Doesn't matter what I'd call it.
JAIME starts to exit, but he is blocked by the MOUNTAIN.
CERSEI: I told you no one walks away from me.
JAIME: Are you going to order him to kill me? I'm the only one you have left. Our children are gone, our father
CERSEI:  There's one more yet to come.
JAIME: Give the order, then.
CERSEI hesitates, and JAIME thinks that he has called her bluff. Then CERSEI nods to the MOUNTAIN, who unsheathes his sword. JAIME looks nervous, then makes up his mind.
JAIME: I  don't believe you.
JAIME moves past the MOUNTAIN, who lets him go. CERSEI starts after him, but lets him go.
CUT TO: Outside King's Landing.
JAIME rides his horse away from KIng's Landing. He inspects his golden hand, then fits his glove over it. He looks up into the grey day, as snow flurries come down. He rides off.
CUT TO: Montage of King's Landing at night.
CUT TO: Winterfell Interior
BRAN sits by the fire. There is a knocking on the door.
BRAN: Come in.
SAM enters.
BRAN: Samwell Tarly.
SAM: I wasn't sure if you'd remember me.
BRAN: I remember everything.
Sam closes the door.
BRAN: You helped us get beyond the Wall. You're a good man.
SAM: Oh, well, thank you, but, um, I'm not sure that I am. What happened to you beyond the Wall?
BRAN: I became the Three-Eyed Raven.
SAM: Oh! I don't know what that means.
BRAN: I can see things that happened in the past. I can see things happening now all over the world. Why did you come to Winterfell?
SAM: Um, Jon's the one to lead the fight against the dead. I know he is. But he can't do it alone, so I've come here to help him.
BRAN: He's on his way back to Winterfell with Daenerys Targaryen. You you saw this  in a vision?
BRAN holds up a scroll delivered by a raven.
SAM: Oh.
BRAN: He needs to know the truth.
SAM: The truth about what?
BRAN: About himself. No one knows. No one but me. Jon isn't really my father's son He's the son of Rhaegar Targaryen and my aunt.
SAM: It's not.
BRAN: Dornish bastards are named Sand.
SAM: At the Citadel, I transcribed a High Septon's diary. He annulled Rhaegar's marriage to Elia. He wed Rhaegar and Lyanna in a secret ceremony.
BRAN: Are you certain?
SAM:  It's what the High Septon wrote in his private diary. I don't know why he'd lie. Is this something you can see?
CUT TO: Flashback
BRAN observes the wedding of RHAEGAR and LYANNA.
RHAEGAR:  Father, Smith, Warrior, Mother, Maiden, Crone, Stranger. I am hers and she is mine from this day until the end of my days.
LYANNA: Father, Smith, Warrior, Mother, Maiden, Crone, Stranger. I am his and he is mine from this day until the end of my days.
BRAN: Robert's Rebellion was built on a lie. Rhaegar didn't kidnap my aunt.
RHAEGAR and LYANNA kiss.
CUT TO: Boat interior
JON knocks on a door and DAENERYS answers.
BRAN: He loved her. And she loved him.
DAENERYS lowers her arm to invite JON in. The door closes. TYRION watches from the hall.
CUT TO: Flashback
LYANNA has given birth to JON, but she is dying. NED kneels beside her, holding her hand.
LYANNA: His name is Aegon.
CUT TO: Boat Interior
DAENERYS and JON are making love on her bed, passionately.
BRAN: He's never been a bastard.
TYRION continues to stand in the hallway outside their door.
BRAN'S VOICE: He needs to know. We need to tell him.
CUT TO: Winterfell Exterior
SANSA and ARYA stand on the ramparts.
ARYA: Are you all right?
SANSA: It's just strange. In his own horrible way, I believe he loved me.
ARYA: You did the right thing.
SANSA: You did it.
ARYA: I'm just the executioner. You passed the sentence. You're the Lady.
SANSA: Does that bother you?
ARYA: I was never going to be as good a lady as you. So I had to be something else. I never could have survived what you survived.
SANSA: You would have. You're the strongest person I know.
ARYA: I believe that's the nicest thing you've ever said to me.
SANSA: Well, don't get used to it. You're still very strange and annoying.
ARYA: "In winter, we must protect ourselves. Look after one another."
SANSA: Father
ARYA: I miss him.
SANSA: Me, too.
CUT TO: THE GODSWOOD OF WINTERFELL.
BRAN sits in front of the godswood.
CUT TO: The Wall.
Ravens caw as Tormund and Beric patrol on the top of the wall. They look out towards the North.
BERIC: It's a long way down.
TORMUND: Yeah. The crows keep telling me I'll get used to it.
Figures start to emerge from the forrest.
MAN: I can see movement. Watch, on the tree line!
MAN #2: What is it?
A huge undead army emerges from the trees. The white walkers are mounted, holding a spear. Dark clouds swirl. A horn blares as the undead army gets closer to the wall. The undead army stops, and all is still.
Atop the wall, TORMUND and BERIC look out nervously. A dragon's screech comes from the darkness. The undead Viserion flies in, and spits out blue flame at the wall as he passes. TORMUND and BERIC stare in disbelief. The Night King rides astride the undead dragon. TORMUND and BERIC hurry down from the watchtower.
TORMUND: Come on!  Run! Run!
The Night's Watchmen flee as the undead dragon attacks the wall will blue flame. The wall begins to buckle and fall. The stairways shake and destruct. Many fall to their deaths. The undead army watches, motionless. TORMUND and BERIC barely escape from the collapsing section of the wall. Once it has come to the ground, the undead army starts to advance. The army seems endless, and includes undead giants. The Night King leads from above, riding Viserion. The undead march south of the wall.
