TITLE SEQUENCEEXT. KING’S LANDING
The Hound and another man grunt as they duel. Men and women look on from nearby. The Hound knocks the other man’s shield away, and knocks the man off of a wall. The camera pans up from the man to where Joffrey stands in a tent, watching.
JOFFREY: (Quietly) Well struck… (Louder) Well struck, Dog.
The Hound removes his helmet. Joffrey turns to Sansa.
JOFFREY: Did you like that?
SANSA: It was well struck, Your Grace.
JOFFREY: I already said it was well struck.
SANSA: Yes, Your Grace.
Two men drag the man away, leaving behind a trail of blood. A boy walks over to clean up the blood.
JOFFREY: Who's next?
ANNOUNCER: Lothor Brune, freerider in the service of Lord Baelish.
The announcer gestures to a man, who then walks over.
ANNOUNCER: Ser Dontos the Red of House Hollard.
The announcer gestures in the opposite direction, but no one comes forward.
ANNOUNCER: (Yells) Ser Dontos the Red of House Hollard!
SER DONTOS: Here I am. (Walking down some stairs, awkwardly clutching his helmet and weapon).  Here I am. (Drops his helmet). Sorry, Your Grace. (Puts his helmet on backwards). My deepest apologies. (Puts his helmet on correctly).
JOFFREY: Are you drunk?
Ser Dontos takes off his helmet.
JOFFREY: Two cups? (Dontos nods). That's not much at all. (Joffrey gestures to some wine). Please, have another cup.
SER DONTOS: Are you sure, Your Grace?
JOFFREY: Yes, to celebrate my name day. (Smiles) Have two, have as much as you like.
SER DONTOS: I would be honored, Your Grace.
Ser Dontos bows to Joffrey. Joffrey looks over to Ser Meryn.
JOFFREY: Ser Meryn, help Ser Dontos celebrate my name day. See that he drinks his fill.
Ser Meryn and two other kingsguard grab Ser Dontos. They bring him into a more open area nearby. Ser Dontos is forced on his knees. One kingsguard keeps Ser Dontos down. Ser Meryn and the other kingsguard get a funnel and a barrel of wine. Ser Meryn forces the funnel into Ser Dontos’s mouth. The kingsguard with the barrel begins pouring the wine down the funnel. Ser Dontos begins gurgling and struggles a little bit.
SANSA: You can't!
JOFFREY: What did you say? Did you say I can't?
SANSA: I only meant… it would be bad luck to kill a man on your name day.
JOFFREY: What kind of stupid peasant's superstition...
THE HOUND: The girl is right. What a man sows on his name day, he reaps all year.
JOFFREY: (Sighs). Take him away. I'll have him killed tomorrow, the fool.
The barrel and funnel are removed, and Ser Dontos is released. He pukes out a mixture of blood and wine onto the ground.
JOFFREY: Did you hear My Lady, Ser Dontos? (Ser Dontos is forced onto his feet). From this day, (Standing up), you'll be my new fool.
SER DONTOS: Thank you, Your Grace. (Bows). And you, My Lady, thank you.
Ser Dontos is taken away by kingsguard.
TYRION: Beloved nephew.
Tyrion, Bronn, and a number of hill tribesman appear from the right. People murmur and look their way.
TYRION: We looked for you on the battlefield. (Joffrey sits down). You were nowhere to be found.
Tyrion begins to pour himself a glass of wine.
JOFFREY: I've been here, ruling the kingdoms.
TYRION: What a fine job you've done. (Turns to Myrcella). Look at you. (Kisses her). More beautiful than ever. (Turns to Tommen). And you! You, you're going to be bigger than the Hound, but much better looking. (Tyrion smiles. He and Myrcella laugh). This one doesn't like me.
Tyrion gestures towards the Hound. Bronn looks over at the Hound and smiles wryly.
BRONN: Can't imagine why.
JOFFREY: We heard you were dead.
MYRCELLA: I'm glad you're not dead.
Tyrion takes a sip of his wine.
TYRION: Me, too, dear. Death is so boring, especially now with so much excitement in the world. (Looks at Sansa). My Lady, I'm sorry for your loss.
Tyrion bows to Sansa. Joffrey looks over at her, and back to Tyrion.
JOFFREY: Her loss? Her father was a confessed traitor!
TYRION: But still her father. Surely having so recently lost your own beloved father you can sympathize.
SANSA: My father was a traitor. My mother and brother are traitors, too. I am loyal to my beloved Joffrey.
TYRION: Of course you are.
Tyrion smirks sympathetically. Sansa looks away.
TYRION: Well, (Gulps down his wine), enjoy your name day, Your Grace. Wish I could stay and celebrate, but there is work to be done.
Tyrion begins walking away from the tent.
JOFFREY: What work? (Bronn and the tribesmen follow Tyrion. Joffrey stands up). Why are you here?
INT. SMALL COUNCIL MEETING CHAMBER
The council members sit at a table. A man walks to the table with a covered bird cage.
PYCELLE: The raven arrived from the Citadel this morning, Your Grace. The conclave has met, (The man sets the cage down and removes the cover), considered reports from Maesters all over the Seven Kingdoms, and declared this great summer done, at last. The longest summer in living memory.
VARYS: The peasants say, a long summer means an even longer winter.
PYCELLE: A common superstition.
BAELISH: We have enough wheat for a five-year winter. If it lasts any longer, (Shrugs indifferently), we'll have fewer peasants.
JANOS: The city's drowning in refugees, Your Grace, fleeing the war. We have nowhere to house them, and with winter coming, it'll only get worse.
Cersei gestures to a servant. The servant comes to take the raven off of the table.
CERSEI: You command the City Watch, do you not, Lord Slynt?
JANOS: I do, Your Grace.
CERSEI: And are you not a Lord at my command?
JANOS: I owe my title and lands to your generosity, Your Grace.
CERSEI: Then do your job. Shut the gates to the peasants. They belong in the field, not our capital.
JANOS: Yes, Your Grace.
Tyrion begins whistling from a distance. Everyone at the table turns to watch him approach.
TYRION: Don't get up. More ravishing than ever, big sister. (Kisses Cersei on the cheek). War agrees with you. Forgive the interruption, carry on.
CERSEI: What are you doing here?
TYRION: (Sits down) It's been a remarkable journey. I, (grabs a glass), pissed off the edge of the Wall, I slept in a sky cell. (Pours himself wine). I fought with the hill tribes. So many adventures, so much to be thankful for.
Tyrion begins drinking his wine.
CERSEI: What are you doing here? This is the small council.
TYRION: Yes., well, I, do believe the Hand of the King is welcome at all small council meetings.
CERSEI: Our father is Hand of the King.
TYRION: Yes, but in his absence…
Tyrion pulls out a letter. He hands it to Varys, who opens it, and begins reading it.
VARYS: Your father has named Lord Tyrion to serve as Hand in his stead while he fights -
CERSEI: Out! All of you out. (The small council members all get up and leave until it is only Cersei and Tyrion. Cersei stands up and approaches Tyrion). I would like to know how you tricked father into this.
TYRION: If I were capable of tricking father, I'd be emperor of the world by now. You brought this on yourself. (Cersei sits down).
CERSEI: I've done nothing.
TYRION: Quite right. You did nothing when your son called for Ned Stark's head. Now the entire North has risen up against us.
CERSEI: I tried to stop it.
TYRION: Did you? You failed. That bit of theater will haunt our family for a generation.
CERSEI: Robb Stark is a child.
TYRION: Who's won every battle he's fought. Do you understand we're losing the war?
CERSEI: What do you know about warfare?
TYRION: Nothing. But I know people. And I know that our enemies hate each other almost as much as they hate us.
There is a long pause. Cersei looks over at Tyrion.
CERSEI: Joffrey is King.
TYRION: Joffrey is King.
CERSEI: You are here to advise him.
TYRION: I'm only here to advise him. And if the King listens to what I say, the King might just get his Uncle Jaime back.
CERSEI: How?
TYRION: You love your children. It's your one redeeming quality. That and your cheekbones. The Starks love their children as well. And we have two of them.
CERSEI: One.
TYRION: One?
CERSEI: Arya, little animal, she disappeared.
TYRION: Disappeared? What, in a puff of smoke? We had three Starks to trade. You chopped one's head off and let another escape. Father will be furious. It must be odd for you to be the disappointing child.
Tyrion smirks, and takes a sip of his wine. Cersei looks away.
CUT TO: WINTERFELL
EXT. OUTSIDE WINTERFELL
A knight sits on a horse alone, holding a banner. Winterfell is seen in the background.
LORD: My Lord, may the Old Gods watch over your brother and all our northern sons.
INT. INSIDE WINTERFELL’S KEEP
A long queue of people are waiting to speak with Bran. The man speaking is addressing Bran and Maester Luwin, who are both sitting at a large table.
LORD: The walls of my Holdfast will not stand the winter. The stones were last mortared in the time of King Aerys, and I'm afraid the masons today are not fit to carry their fathers' hammers. When I was a boy, I remember seeing them put up a new tower at Torrhen's Square in a summer. Men worked back then. Today, my Holdfast looks like it was built by drunk children. At night you can hear the wind howling through the gaps. And the Gods forbid it rains. Why, I might as well sleep beneath a waterfall.
LUWIN: Maintenance of a Holdfast generally falls to the lord of that Holdfast.
LORD: Generally, yes, but I've sent all the young men off to fight Robb Stark's war.
BRAN: King Robb. And it's not his war. He didn't choose it.
LORD: Maybe not, My Lord, but he called in his Banners, and took the men.
BRAN: Joffrey killed my father, your liege lord. Do you remember your vows, Ser?
LORD: Of course I remember!
LUWIN: We can spare four masons for a week, My Lord. Will that be sufficient to repair your walls?
The man walks away. After a moment, Luwin turns to Bran.
LUWIN: We didn't want him here all day, did we?
BRAN: I didn't like the way he was talking about Robb.
LUWIN: Nor did I. But listening to people you'd rather not listen to is one of your responsibilities as Lord of Winterfell. (Bran sighs). Lord Portan.
PORTAN: (Walks forward). My Lord, may the Old Gods watch over your brother and all our northern sons.
EXT. WOODS
The camera changes to first-person. A character is running through the woods, panting.  The character looks up to the red comet above the trees, and then back down to the pool in the godswood. The character approaches the pool and looks down at their reflection, revealing themselves to be Summer, Bran’s direwolf.
INT. BRAN’S BEDROOM
Bran lays in his bed, asleep. His eyes suddenly open.
Hodor walks with Bran on his back, closely following Osha. Osha squats next to some plants. Hodor continues walking.
OSHA: Boil this for an hour and drink the tea. Makes all your pain go away.
Osha pockets some of the plant.
BRAN: Don't have any pain.
OSHA: Lucky for you.
BRAN: That way.
Bran points, and Hodor changes direction, heading for the godswood. Osha turns and begins following them.
OSHA: You've been having those dreams again.
BRAN: I don't dream.
OSHA: Everyone dreams.
BRAN: I don't. Heard some of the men talking about the comet. (Bran looks up at the comet). They say it's an omen. They say it means Robb will win a great victory in the South.
OSHA: Did they? (Hodor is kneeling next to the pool in the godswood. Osha begins unstrapping Bran from Hodor’s back). I heard some other fools say it's Lannister Red. Means the Lannisters will rule all Seven Kingdoms before long. I heard a stable boy say it's the color of blood, to mark the death of your father.
Osha places Bran on the ground. He begins crawling towards the edge of the pool.
OSHA: The stars don't fall for men. The red comet means one thing, boy. Dragons.
Bran looks at his reflection in the pool.
BRAN: The dragons are all dead. They've been dead for centuries.
CUT TO: ESSOS
EXT. DESERT
Some people walk through the desert. The camera pans up to reveal Daenerys, with Drogon on her shoulder, and her Khalasar. Daenerys attempts to feed Drogon some meat, but he refuses.
DOREAH: What did your brother say about them, Khaleesi?
DAENERYS: He said they ate meat.
DOREAH: He didn't tell you what kind of meat?
DAENERYS: My brother didn't know anything about dragons. He didn't know anything about anything.
Doreah looks down dejectedly. Daenerys gets Drogon off of her shoulder and into his cage. At the front of the group, a horse suddenly collapses. Jorah jogs forward to investigate. Daenerys follows after him. Daenerys kneels down to look at the horse. She looks up at Jorah, who shakes his head. Daenerys looks down sadly.
DAENERYS: She was Drogo's first gift to me.
JORAH: I remember.
DAENERYS: I promised to protect them. Promised them their enemies would die screaming. How do I make starvation scream?
JORAH: A trick I never learned, I'm afraid.
DAENERYS: Does it ever end?
JORAH: This is further east than I've ever been. But, yes, Khaleesi, everything ends, even the red waste.
DAENERYS: And you're sure there's no other way?
JORAH: If we go south to the land of the Lazarheen, the Lamb Men will kill us and take your dragons. If we go west to the Dothraki Sea, the first Khalasar we meet will kill us and take your dragons.
DAENERYS: No one will take my dragons.
JORAH: They are too weak to fight, as are your people. You must be their strength.
DAENERYS: (Turns to Jorah) As you are mine.
Daenerys says something in Dothraki, calling Rakharo and some others over. She then stands up, and addresses Rakharo and two others.
DAENERYS: (Speaking Dothraki) Rakharo, Aggo, Kovarro. Take our remaining horses. You will ride east, you southeast, and you northeast.
RAKHARO: (Speaking Dothraki) What do we seek, Khaleesi?
DAENERYS: (Speaking Dothraki) Cities, living or dead. Caravans and people. Rivers or lakes or the great salt sea. Find how far the Red Waste extends before us, and what lies on the other side.
Rakharo and the other two riders walk away. Later, as Rakharo is almost ready to leave, Daenerys approaches him.
DAENERYS: (Speaking Dothraki) Rokharo, you are my last hope, blood of my blood.
RAKHARO: (Speaking Dothraki) I will not fail you, blood of my blood.
DAENERYS: You never have.
RAKHARO: This is… bad time to start.
Rakharo and the other two riders take off. Daenerys stares at the red comet, looking troubled.
CUT TO: BEYOND THE WALL
EXT. WOODS
The large party of Night’s Watchmen continue through the woods on horseback. Sam, Grenn, and Edd surround a sledge trapped in the snow on the side of the road.
JON: Having a rough time of it?
SAM: Nothing's killed me yet.
GRENN: Your ass killed the sledge.
SAM: You offered me a ride!
GRENN: I just wanted you to shut up about your damn blisters.
The party reaches a large camp. Some of them dismount. The camera pans up to view a large wooden house in the center.
EDD: I was born in a place like this. Later, I fell on hard times.
The camera moves through the camp, to show some of the women working.
SAM: Are those girls?
EDD: Craster's daughters.
SAM: I haven't seen a girl in six months.
EDD: I'd keep on not seeing them if I were you.
GRENN: What, he don't like people messing with his daughters?
EDD: (Smirking) He don't like people messing with his wives.
Jon, Sam, and Grenn all look at Edd, surprised.
EDD: He marries his daughters, and they give him more daughters, and on, and on it goes.
SAM: That's foul.
GRENN: It's beyond foul.
EDD: All the other wildlings for a hundred leagues have disappeared. Craster's still here. He must be doing something right.
JON: What happens to the boys?
SAM: Hmm?
JON: He marries his daughters. What does he do with his sons?
INT. CRASTER’S LODGE
Craster, Mormont, and a number of watchmen sit around a fire.
LORD MORMONT: He said he planned to stop here on his way to the Frostfangs.
CRASTER: People make all sorts of plans. I haven't seen Benjen Stark in three years. Haven't missed him. Always treated me like scum. (Sips his wine). Haven't had any good wine for a long time. You Southerners make good wine, I'll give you that.
JON: (Standing off to the side of the room) We're not Southerners.
CRASTER: Who's this little girl? You're prettier than half my daughters. You got a nice wet twat between your legs? What's your name?
JON: Jon Snow.
CRASTER: Snow, eh? Listen to me, bastard. All you lot from south of the Wall, you're Southerners. But now you're in the North, the real North.
LORD MORMONT: The lad meant no harm.
CRASTER: I catch that pretty little bastard talking to my daughters -
LORD MORMONT: No one will talk to your daughters, you have my word. (Turns to Jon) Now, sit down and shut your mouth.
Jon takes a seat at the fire.
CRASTER: You bring any of that good wine with you?
LORD MORMONT: We did. We passed through six villages on the way here. All six were abandoned. Where have all the wildlings gone?
As the conversation continues, Jon looks around at some of Craster’s daughters in the rafters.
CRASTER: I could tell you, but I'm thirsty.
LORD MORMONT: There's a barrel of Dornish wine on the sledge. Bring it in here.
WATCHMAN: Yes, commander.
CRASTER: You want to know where they've all gone? North! To join up with Mance Rayder Your old friend.
LORD MORMONT: He's no friend of mine. He broke his vows, betrayed his brothers!
CRASTER: Oh, aye. But once he was just a poor black crow. And now he's King-Beyond-the-Wall.
LORD MORMONT: He's been calling himself that for years. What’s he king of? A frozen lake somewhere?
Craster looks at the watchman sitting next to Mormont and points.
CRASTER: That's a good-looking axe. Fresh forged?
LORD MORMONT: Give it here.
Mormont beckons to the watchman, who begrudgingly hands Mormont the axe.
LORD MORMONT: You'll have another one made at Castle Black. (Hands the axe to Craster). Here.
CRASTER: (Inspecting the axe). Oh, that's some lovely steel. (Loudly brings the axe down). You want to know what Mance Rayder is doing? Gathering an army. What I hear, he's already got more men than any of your southern kings.
LORD MORMONT: And where does he plan marching this army?
CRASTER: When you're all the way north, there's only one direction to go.
LORD MORMONT: These are bad times to be living alone in the wild. The cold winds are rising.
CRASTER: Let them come. My roots are sunk deep. (Grabs Gilly) Wife, tell the Lord Crow how content we are.
GILLY: This is our place. Our husband keeps us safe. Better to live free than die a slave.
CRASTER: Don't it make you jealous, old man, to see me with all these young wives and you with no one to warm your bed?
LORD MORMONT: We chose different paths.
CRASTER: Oh, aye, and you chose the path with no one but boys on it. (Stands up).  You'll be wanting to sleep beneath my roof, I suppose, and eat me out of pigs.
LORD MORMONT: (Stands up) A roof would be welcome. It's been hard riding. We've brought our own food and good steel for you.
CRASTER: (Addressing the group). Any man lays a hand on one of my wives, he loses the hand. And I see this one, (Gestures towards Jon),  staring too long, I might just gouge his eyes out.
LORD MORMONT: Your roof, your rules.
The crows all leave the lodge.
EXT. IN THE CAMP
Mormont roughly grabs Jon and pins him against a wooden post.
LORD MORMONT: (Angrily) Who am I? (Jon looks confused) Who am I?
JON: Lord commander.
LORD MORMONT: And who are you?
JON: Jon Snow.
LORD MORMONT: Who are you?
JON: Your steward.
LORD MORMONT: You want to lead one day? (Jon nods). Then learn how to follow.
CUT TO: DRAGONSTONE
EXT. BEACH
The camera pans down from the red comet to Maester Cressen, holding a torch and running. Melisandre can be heard speaking in the distance.
MELISANDRE: Lord of Light, come to us in our darkness. We offer you these false Gods.
Cressen approaches a group gathered on the beach, burning some effigies. Melisandre is speaking to them.
MELISANDRE: Take them and cast your light upon us. For the night is dark and full of terrors.
THE GROUP: (In unison) For the night is dark and full of terrors.
Cressen reaches the group and hands his torch to another man.
MELISANDRE: After the long summer, darkness will fall heavy on the world. Stars will bleed.
CRESSEN: (To Davos) We need to stop her!
MELISANDRE: The cold breath of winter will freeze the seas.
DAVOS: (Looks to Stannis) Not now.
MELISANDRE: And the dead shall rise in the North.
CRESSEN: (Walks forward, interrupting Melisandre). All you men were named in the Light of the Seven! Is this how you treat the Gods of your fathers? Are you so eager to spit on your ancestors?
After a long silence, Melisandre approaches Cressen and caresses his face.
MELISANDRE: You smell of fear, fear and piss and old bones. Do you want to stop me? Stop me.
After a moment, Cressen begrudgingly stands aside.
MELISANDRE: In the ancient books, it's written that a warrior will draw a burning sword from the fire. And that sword shall be Lightbringer. Stannis Baratheon, warrior of light, your sword awaits you.
Stannis approaches one of the burning effigies as everyone else looks on. He pulls a sword out from the base and carries it high, to applause. When he sticks it in the sand, the crowd kneels.
CROWD: Lord, cast your light upon us!
MELISANDRE: For the night is dark and full of terrors.
STANNIS: For the night is dark and full of terror.
Stannis then walks away, almost forgetting to bring his wife with him. The rest of the crowd gets up to leave moments later. Davos and Cressen stay behind a moment to talk.
CRESSEN: This woman will lead him into a war he cannot win.
DAVOS: Stannis is our king. We follow where he leads, even if we don't like the path.
CRESSEN: (Scoffs) King. Since that boar killed his brother, every lord wants a coronation.
DAVOS: I don't serve the others. I serve Stannis.
CRESSEN: As do I, but loyal service means telling hard truths. He's surrounded by fools and fanatics, but he trusts you, Davos. (Davos picks up the sword and inspects it).  If you tell him the truth…
DAVOS: What's the truth?
Cressen looks crestfallen. Davos walks away with the sword. Cressen looks up at the burning effigies.
Matthos reads out a letter for Stannis to proofread, as they and some other characters sit around a table.
MATTHOS: “And I declare upon the honor of my house that my beloved brother Robert le-”
STANNIS: He wasn't my beloved brother. (Matthos looks up). I didn't love him, he didn't love me.
DAVOS: A harmless courtesy, Your Grace.
STANNIS: A lie. Take it out.
Matthos scratches ‘beloved’ off of the letter, and then continues.
MATTHOS: “That my brother Robert left no trueborn heirs; the boy Joffrey, the boy Tommen, and the girl Myrcella, being born of incest between Cersei Lannister and her brother Jaime Lannister. By right of birth -"
STANNIS: Jaime Lannister, the Kingslayer. Call him what he is.
Matthos adds in ‘the Kingslayer,’ and continues. Davos notices Cressen slip something into his own glass of wine.
MATTHOS: "And her brother Jaime Lannister, the Kingslayer. By right of birth and blood, I do this day lay claim -"
STANNIS: Make it Ser Jaime Lannister, the Kingslayer. Whatever else he is, the man's still a knight.
MATTHOS: (Adding Ser) "Ser Jaime Lannister, the Kingslayer. By right of birth and blood, I do this day lay claim to the Iron Throne of Westeros. (Stannis nods). Let all true men declare their loyalty.”
STANNIS: When Eddard Stark learned the truth, he told only me. I'll not make the same mistake. Send copies of that letter to every corner of the Realm, from the Arbor to the Wall. The time has come to choose. Let no man claim ignorance as an excuse.
DAVOS: Your Grace, the Lannisters are the true enemy. If, for the time being, you could make peace with your brother -
STANNIS: I'll not make peace with Renly while he calls himself King.
DAVOS: Well, many have already declared for him; Mace Tyrell, Randyll Tarly.
MELISANDRE: Stannis does not need to beg this lord or that lord for support. The Lord of Light stands behind him.
DAVOS: And how many ships has the Lord of Light got in his fleet?
MELISANDRE: He has no need for ships.
DAVOS: I'm sure he doesn't, but we do if we're going to war. If not Renly, Your Grace, join forces with Robb Stark.
STANNIS: Who would steal the northern half of my kingdom. I've always served thieves according to their desserts, as you well know, Ser Davos. Joffrey, Renly, Robb Stark, they're all thieves. They'll bend the knee or I'll destroy them.
CRESSEN: (Stands up). I owe you an apology, my King. My duty is to serve. You have chosen the new God over the Old Gods. May the Lord of Light watch over us all. Shall we drink together?
DAVOS: (Whispers to Cressen) Don't.
Cressen stands up with the drugged glass of wine, and walks over to where Melisandre is sitting.
CRESSEN: A cup of wine to honor the one true God.
Melisandre stands up. Everyone at the table reaches for their own wine glasses. Cressen takes a sip of the drugged wine and offers it to Melisandre. Davos nervously watches her take the glass. Cressen begins to stumble and bleed from his nose. Melisandre drink a large portion of the wine. As he falls to the floor dead, Davos and many others stand up. Melisandre appears unphased by the poison.
MELISANDRE: The night is dark and full of terrors, old man, but the fire burns them all away. Your Grace.
CUT TO: NORTH
EXT. STARK CAMP
The camera pans over a watchtower to a wide shot of the camp. In the camp, Robb stark is led by a man with a torch to where Jaime is being held. Robb enters Jaime’s cage, where he is tied to a wooden pole, a good distance from the walls of the cage.
JAIME: King in the North. I keep expecting you to leave me in one castle or another for safekeeping, but you drag me along from camp to camp. Have you grown fond of me, Stark? Is that it? I've never seen you with a girl.
ROBB: If I left you with one of my bannermen, your father would know within a fortnight, and my bannerman would receive a raven with a message, "Release my son and you'll be rich beyond your dreams. Refuse and your house will be destroyed, root and stem.”
JAIME: You don't trust the loyalty of the men following you into battle?
ROBB: Oh, I trust them with my life. Just not with yours.
JAIME: Smart boy. What's wrong? Don't like being called ‘boy’? Insulted?
Robb looks behind Jaime’s cage. As Jaime nervously strains to look behind him, Grey Wind can be heard heavily walking to the front of the cage.
ROBB: You insult yourself, Kingslayer. You've been defeated by a boy.
With Grey Wind now fully in view, Jaime loses his brave facade.
ROBB: You're held captive by a boy. Perhaps you'll be killed by a boy. (Grey Wind enters the cage. Jaime looks very nervous). Stannis Baratheon sent ravens to all the high lords of Westeros. King Joffrey Baratheon is neither a true king nor a true Baratheon. (Jaime focuses back on Robb). He's your bastard son.
JAIME: If that's true, Stannis is the rightful king. How convenient for him.
ROBB: My father learned the truth. That's why you had him executed.
JAIME: I was your prisoner when Ned Stark lost his head.
ROBB: Your son killed him so the world wouldn't learn who fathered him. And you... you pushed my brother from a window because he saw you with the queen.
JAIME: You have proof? Or do you want to trade gossip like a couple of fishwives?
ROBB: I'm sending one of your cousins down to King's Landing with my peace terms.
JAIME: You think my father's going to negotiate with you? You don't know him very well.
ROBB: No, but he's starting to know me.
JAIME: Three victories don't make you a conqueror.
ROBB: It's better than three defeats.
Robb nudges Grey Wind towards Jaime and leaves the cage. Grey Wind growls in Jaime’s face and comes close to biting him. Jaime closes his eyes in preparation, but when he opens them back up, Grey Wind is gone.
CUT TO: KING’S LANDING
INT. TYRION’S ROOM
Shae looks out from the balcony in Tyrion’s room.
SHAE: This city stinks Like dead bodies.
TYRION: A bit corpsey, yes.
SHAE: And shit.
Shae hops down from the balcony, and walks back into the room.
TYRION: I thought you wanted to come here.
SHAE: I love it.
TYRION: You love the smell of dead bodies and shit?
SHAE: And cum and garlic and rum.
TYRION: You can smell cum from the balcony?
SHAE: I love the stink. I love the noise. Cities make me want to fuck.
TYRION: And so did the country.
Shae lays back on Tyrion’s bed.
SHAE: This is where I belong.
TYRION: Yes, well, you need to be careful. No one can know you're here.
SHAE: No one will know.
TYRION: You can't trust anyone in King's Landing. They're all liars; good liars, bad liars, one or two great liars.
SHAE: What about you?
TYRION: Me? I'm not from here. I'm a slave to the truth.
SHAE: Truth? (Laughs) You are the biggest little liar I have ever met.
TYRION: Why do you think I am so little? I'm being, (Lays down on the bed with Shae), crushed beneath the weight of all that truth.
TYRION: Ned Stark actually slept on this, as if the poor man didn't suffer enough. One of the many changes we'll have to make around here.
Tyrion and Shae kiss as a bell rings in the distance.
INT. HALLWAY
A servant boy can be seen scrubbing something on the floor, as Baelish walks down a hallway next to a courtyard. Cersei and some kingsguard approach from behind.
CERSEI: Lord Baelish.
BAELISH: Your Grace.
CERSEI: I wonder if I might ask you for a favor.
BAELISH: Of course, Your Grace.
CERSEI: Ned Stark's youngest daughter Arya... we can't seem to locate her.
Baelish begins walking with Cersei and her guards.
BAELISH: If she's escaped the capital, Winterfell seems the logical destination.
CERSEI: And yet my friends in the North report no sign of her.
BAELISH: Curious.
CERSEI: If we choose to negotiate with the Starks, the girl has some value. Whoever finds her, well, you know what they say about Lannisters and debts.
BAELISH: Well, you could ask Varys where she is. He'll have an answer for you. Whether you believe it,,, Myself, I have always had a hard time trusting eunuchs. (Smiles) Who knows what they want?
CERSEI: A mockingbird. (Points to a pin on Baelish’s shirt). You created your own Sigil, didn't you?
BAELISH: Yes.
CERSEI: Appropriate for a self-made man with so many songs to sing.
BAELISH: I'm glad you like it. Some people are fortunate enough to be born into the right family. Others have to find their own way.
CERSEI: I heard a song once about a boy of modest means who found his way into the home of a very prominent family. He loved the eldest daughter. Sadly, she had eyes for another.
BAELISH: When boys and girls live in the same home, awkward situations can arise. Sometimes, I've heard, even brothers and sisters develop certain affections. And when these affections become common knowledge, well, that is an awkward situation, indeed. Especially in a prominent family. But prominent families often forget a simple truth, I've found.
CERSEI: And which truth is that?
BAELISH: Knowledge is power.
CERSEI: Seize him. (Cersei’s guards seize Baelish). Cut his throat. (A guard holds a knife to Baelish’s neck). Stop. Wait. I've changed my mind. Let him go. (The guards let Baelish go). Step back three paces. Turn around. Close your eyes. (The guards do as Cersei says). (To Baelish) Power is power. Do see if you can take some time away from your coins and your whores to locate the Stark girl for me. I would very much appreciate it.
Cersei walks away from Baelish, her guards following close behind. The servant boy scrubbing the floor looks up at Baelish.
CUT TO: NORTH
INT. ROBB’S TENT
ROBB: You're Ser Alton Lannister?
ALTON: I am, Your Grace.
ROBB: I offer your cousins peace if they meet my terms. First, your family must release my sisters. Second, my father's bones must be returned to us so he may rest beside his brother and sister in the crypts beneath Winterfell. And the remains of all those who died in his service must also be returned. Their families can honor them with proper funerals.
ALTON: An honorable request, Your Grace.
ROBB: Third... Joffrey and the Queen Regent must renounce all claim to dominion of the North. From this time, till the end of time, we are a free and independent kingdom.
Alton looks at him wide-eyed.
SER RODRIK: The King in the North.
THE OTHERS AT THE TABLE: King in the North.
ROBB: Neither Joffrey nor any of his men shall set foot in our lands again. If he disregards this command, he shall suffer the same fate as my father, only I don't need a servant to do my beheading for me.
ALTON: These are... Your Grace, these are...
ROBB: These are my terms. If the Queen Regent and her son meet them, I'll give them peace. If not, I will litter the south with Lannister dead.
ALTON: King Joffrey is a Baratheon, Your Grace.
ROBB: Oh, is he? You'll ride at daybreak, Ser Alton. That will be all for tonight.
After everyone else leaves the tent, Theon approaches Robb.
THEON: A word, Your Grace?
ROBB: You don't have to call me ‘Your Grace’ when no one's around.
THEON: It's not so bad once you get used to it.
ROBB: I'm glad someone's gotten used to it.
THEON: The Lannisters are going to reject your terms, you know?
ROBB: Of course they are.
THEON: We can fight them in the fields as long as you like, but we won't beat them until you take King's Landing. And we can't take King's Landing without ships. My father has ships and men who know how to sail them.
ROBB: Men who fought my father.
THEON: Men who fought King Robert to free themselves from the yoke of the South, just like you're doing now. I'm his only living son. He'll listen to me. I know he will. I'm not a Stark. I know that. But your father raised me to be an honorable man. We can avenge him together.
CATELYN: You don't want Balon Greyjoy for an ally.
ROBB: I need his ships. They say he has 200.
CATELYN: They say a million rats live in the sewers of King's Landing. Shall we rally them to fight for us?
Catelyn is preparing to go somewhere, gathering up various items.
ROBB: I understand you don't trust Lord Greyjoy.
CATELYN: I don't trust Lord Greyjoy because he is not trustworthy. Your father had to go to war to end his rebellion.
ROBB: Yes. And now I'm the one rebelling against the throne. Before me, it was father. You married one rebel and mothered another.
CATELYN: I mothered more than just rebels, a fact you seem to have forgotten.
ROBB: If I trade the Kingslayer for two girls, my bannermen will string me up by my feet.
CATELYN: You want to leave Sansa in the Queen's hands? And Arya, I haven't heard a word about Arya. What are we fighting for if not for them?
ROBB: It's more complicated than that! You know it is.
A long pause follows. Catelyn sits down.
CATELYN: It's time for me to go home. I haven't seen Bran or Rickon in months.
ROBB: You can't go to Winterfell.
CATELYN: I beg your pardon?
ROBB: I'll send Rodrik to watch over the boys, ‘cause tomorrow, you'll ride south to the Stormlands.
CATELYN: Why in the name of all the Gods -
ROBB: Because I need you to negotiate with Renly Baratheon. He's rallied an army of 100,000. You know him. You know his family.
CATELYN: I haven't seen Renly Baratheon since he was a boy. You have a hundred other lords -
ROBB: Which of these lords do I trust more than you? If Renly sides with us, we'll outnumber them two to one. When they feel the jaws beginning to shut, they'll sue for peace. We'll get the girls back. Then we'll all go home for good.
CATELYN: I will ride at first light.
Robb kisses Catelyn’s forehead, and they embrace.
ROBB: We will all be together again soon, I promise.
CATELYN: You've done so well. Your father would be proud.
ROBB: (Pauses) Give Lord Renly my regards.
CATELYN: King Renly. There's a king in every corner now.
CUT TO: KING’S LANDING
INT. THRONE ROOM
Cersei and her guards enter the throne room. Extensive work is being done, overseen by Joffrey.
CERSEI: What is all this?
JOFFREY: Returning this room to its proper appearance. Say what you will about the Targaryens, they were conquerors. That is a seat for a conqueror. It needs a room to match it, not vines and flowers.
CERSEI: We can't find Arya Stark.
JOFFREY: With luck, she's dead in a ditch somewhere.
CERSEI: Perhaps. But if not, we need her. They'll never give Jaime back to us for Sansa alone.
JOFFREY: I think they might. They're weak. They put too much value on their women. (Walks towards the throne).
CERSEI: We need to set our armies to the task of finding her. Send out as many men as we can. I'm sure if you asked grandfather -
JOFFREY: The King does not ask; He commands. And my grandfather's stupidity in the field of battle is the reason Robb Stark has Uncle Jaime in the first place.
CERSEI: His life is in danger.
JOFFREY: We're at war. All our lives are in danger. I heard a disgusting lie about Uncle Jaime. And you.
CERSEI: Our enemies will say anything to weaken your claim to the throne.
JOFFREY: It's not a claim. The throne is mine.
CERSEI: Of course it is. No one believes this foul gossip -
JOFFREY: Someone believes it. Father had other children? Besides me and Tommen and Myrcella?
CERSEI: What are you asking?
JOFFREY: I'm asking if he fucked other women when he grew tired of you. How many bastards does he have running -
Cersei instinctively slaps Joffrey. It grows quiet as many workers look over at Joffrey and Cersei. Joffre looks up shocked, and then around to the workers in the room. Cersei appears nervous.
JOFFREY: What you just did is punishable by death. You will never do it again. Never. (Joffrey begins to walk away). That will be all, Mother.
INT. BROTHEL
A man and a woman are having sex. The woman is shrieking loudly.
ROZ: No, no, no, no. Do you have any idea how ridiculous you sound? Ease into it. Slowly, with passion.
The man and woman go back to having sex, this time with the woman slowly moaning.
ROZ: Go wash yourselves. Put some clothes on. Both of you are working tonight.
Roz walks Daisy through the brothel.
ROZ: We do things differently here, Daisy. This isn't some five-copper bawdy house in Hayseed Hall.
DAISY: Haystack Hall.
ROZ: Wherever you're from. Our establishment doesn't cater to ploughmen and goat herders. (Nods to a man walking past). Lord Olsen. Taste is everything here.
DAISY: Littlefinger's a fancy man.
ROZ: Don't call him Littlefinger, he doesn't like it. Lord Baelish.
As they enter a new room, a prostitute and two men with her get up to leave.
ROZ: She pretends she doesn't speak the common tongue so that people will think she's exotic. She grew up just down the road in flea bottom.
DAISY: She's beautiful.
ROZ: She's a dumb slut, really, but a lid for every pot. (Janos enters the room). Lord Commander. Good to see you, again.
Janos is followed by a number of gold cloaks, some of whom are dragging along a prisoner. Some leave to search other rooms.
ROZ: You do realize this establishment is owned by Lord Petyr Baelish, the King's Master of Coin. Coin which goes in many pockets.
JANOS: Orders.
ROZ: Whose orders?
JANOS: Someone who doesn't care what Littlefinger thinks.
MHAEGAN: No, you can't!
Some gold cloaks force Mhaegan and her baby, Barra, into the room. She begins crying. The prisoner looks at Barra, and back to Janos. He then nods. A gold cloak lets go of the prisoner and takes the Barra from Mhaegan.
MHAEGAN: No! Please! No! Not my Barra! Please. Please.
The gold cloak holds a knife to the baby’s throat, hesitantly. Throughout the whole ordeal, Mhaegan continues begging for Barra’s life.
JANOS: Enough. Get it done. Kill the bastard.
After a moment, Janos takes out a knife and grabs the baby.
JANOS: Give it here.
Janos kills the baby just off screen, and Mhaegan shrieks. Janos and the other gold cloaks leave the brothel.
EXT. A DOCK
Some gold cloaks walk along a dock. They go up some stairs.
GOLD CLOAK: Spread out! Search every house, every room. Look in every room.
INT. A HOUSE
Some gold cloaks burst into a house and kill the inhabitants.
EXT. A DOCK
Outside again, a gold cloak tosses a young boy into the water and proceeds to drown him.
EXT. STREET
Some gold cloaks hold back a large mob as a baby is carried away. A gold cloak looks on as the baby is presumably killed.
INT. SMITHY
Janos and a number of gold cloaks arrive at the smithy. A gold cloak is holding the blacksmith’s face near some hot coals.
BLACKSMITH: Gendry! His name is Gendry.
JANOS: Where is the bastard?
BLACKSMITH: The Night's Watch! Please, stop!
JANOS: Where?
BLACKSMITH: They took him up the Kingsroad, heading north!
JANOS: How will we know him?
BLACKSMITH: He's got a bull's head helmet. He made it himself.
JANOS: Find him.
CUT TO: YOREN’S PARTY
EXT. A ROAD SURROUNDED BY TREES
Gendry loads some things into a cart, and then helps Arya up onto the cart with him. The camera goes to a wide shot of the group Yoren is leading to the wall.
COLD OPEN
INT. SMALL COUNCIL CHAMBER
CERSEI: What are you doing here?
VARYS: Your father has named Lord Tyrion to (Cersei scoffs) serve as hand in his stead.
TYRION: You brought this on yourself.
CERSEI: I’ve done nothing.
TYRION: Do you understand we’re losing the war?
EXT. DESERT
DAENERYS: Does it ever end?
JORAH: Everything ends, even the red waste.
DAENERYS: (Speaking Dothraki) Rakharo, Aggo, Kovarro.. Take our remaining horses. Find out how far the Red Waste extends before us, and what lies on the other side.
INT./EXT. CRASTER’S CAMP
EDD: All the other wildlings for a hundred leagues have disappeared. Craster’s still here.
CRASTER: Any man lays a hand on one of my wives, he loses the hand.
EDD: He marries his daughters, and they give him more daughters.
JON: What happens to the boys? What does he do with his sons?
INT. DRAGONSTONE
MATTHOS: (Reading a letter) My brother Robert left no trueborn heirs, the boy Joffrey being born of incest between Cersei Lannister, and her brother Jaime Lannister. By right of birth, and blood, I do this day lay claim to the Iron Throne of Westeros.
STANNIS: Send copies of that letter to every corner of the realm.
INT. STARK CAMP
ROBB: I’m sending one of your cousins down to King’s Landing with my peace terms.
JAIME: You think my father’s going to negotiate with you? You don’t know him very well.
THEON: We won’t beat them until we take King’s Landing, and we can’t take King’s Landing without ships. My father has ships, and men who know how to sail them.
ROBB: Men who fought my father.
THEON: I’m his only living son. He’ll listen to me.
CATELYN: You don’t want Balon Greyjoy for an ally.
ROBB: I need his ships.
CATELYN: He is not trustworthy!
INT. THRONE ROOM
JOFFREY: I heard a disgusting lie about uncle Jaime… and you. Father had other children?
CERSEI: What are you asking?
INT. BROTHEL
Janos pulls out a knife and kills the infant Barra, as his mother Mhaegen looks on.
JOFFREY: How many bastards does he have running around?
Shots of gold cloaks murdering people.
INT. BLACKSMITH
A gold cloak holds the blacksmiths face near some hot coals.
JANOS: Where is the bastard?
BLACKSMITH: The Night’s Watch! Heading North!
Shot of Gendry, Arya, and their party on the road.
END COLD OPEN
TITLE SEQUENCE
Water can be heard trickling down. The opening shot is of Arya, her back to the camera, sitting by a pool of water in the woods. She turns her head to the left. Then some leaves rustle, and she turns to the right. A horse whinnies, and she walks towards some other people. Many of them are gathering wood, and she joins in. Jaqen H’ghar, Rorge, and Biter watch her as she walks past their cage.
JAQEN: (Whispers) Boy.
Arya looks up at the cage.
JAQEN: (Whispers) Lovely boy.
ARYA: (Stops walking). What do you want?
JAQEN: A man has a thirst. The man does not drink for a day and a night. A boy could make a friend.
ARYA: (Walks toward the cave). I have friends.
RORGE: Give us a beer. Before I skin you.
JAQEN: A man does not choose his companions. These two, they have no courtesy. A man must ask forgiveness. (Pause). You're called Arry. (Arya nods).  This man has the honor to be Jaqen H'ghar. Once of the Free City of Lorath.
RORGE: Hey, you little shit. Get us beer!
Arya throws down the wood she was holding and looks at Rorge angrily.
ARYA: You should have asked nicely.
Arya begins hitting the cage with a stick, trying to hit Rorge. Rorge tries to claw back. Jaqen laughs at the exchange. Biter looks on.
RORGE: Come closer. And I'll shove that stick up your bunghole and fuck you bloody.
JAQEN: (Quietly) The boy has more courage than sense.
RORGE: Come here!
Rorge reaches out at Arya. Gendry walks past holding wood. Arya joins him.
GENDRY: Yoren said none of us were should go near of those three.
RORGE: Come here!
ARYA: They don't scare me.
GENDRY: Hmm? Then you're stupid. They scare me.
Two gold cloaks ride in on horseback. Gendry puts down the wood he was carrying.
ARYA: What are gold cloaks doing this far from King's Landing?
Arya attempts to hide under some wood.
GENDRY: What are you doing?
ARYA: They're looking for me.
GOLD CLOAK: You're in command here?
YOREN: You're a long way from home.
GOLD CLOAK: I asked you a question.
YOREN: Aye, you did. You asked without manners. And I chose not to answer.
GOLD CLOAK: (Pulls out rolled up paper and hands it to Yoren). I have a royal warrant. For one of these gutter rats you're transporting.
Gendry looks at Arya. Arya looks back, pursing her lips.
YOREN: Well the thing is, (Hands back the paper), these gutter rats belong to the Night's Watch now. That puts them beyond the reach of kings and queens.
The gold cloak tries to pull out his sword. Yoren quickly pulls out his dagger and puts it to the man’s leg.
YOREN: It's a funny thing. People worry so much about their throats, they forget about what's down low. Now I sharpened this blade before breakfast. I could shave a spider's arse if I wanted to. Or, I could nick this artery in your leg and once it's nicked, there's no one around here who knows how to un-nick it.
Yoren takes the gold cloak’s sword. The other gold cloak pulls his out.
YOREN: We'll just keep that. Good steel is always needed on the wall. Seems you have a choice. You can die here at this crossroads a long way from home. Or you can go back to your city and tell your masters you didn't find what you were looking for.
GOLD CLOAK: We're looking for a boy named Gendry. (Gendry and Arya look shocked). He carries a bull's head helmet. Anyone turning him over will earn the King's reward. We'll be back. With more men. (To Yoren) And I'll be taking your head home along with that bastard boy.
The gold cloaks ride off. Gendry and Arya stands up. Everyone in the party turns to look at Gendry.
CUT TO: KING’S LANDING
INT. RED KEEP
Tyrion walks through a room and into a hallway, whistling. As he opens the door to his room, Shae laughs, and he stops whistling. Shae and Varys are sitting at a table. Varys stands up, and Tyrion looks at Shae, and closes the door.
VARYS: My lord.
SHAE: You make me wait a long time, but your friend keeps me company.
VARYS: We were just speaking of your bravery in the victory against the Stark auxiliary forces.
TYRION: It was quite a battle.
Tyrion walks over to the window to get some wine.
VARYS: I heard you suffered a terrible head wound. The northerners are such fearsome warriors.
SHAE: And I tell him the story of how we meet.
VARYS: To find so lovely creature working in your father's kitchen. It almost beggars belief.
TYRION: (Begins to pour wine). Strange things do happen. You should taste her fish pie.
SHAE: I don't think Lord Varys likes fish pie.
VARYS: How can you tell?
SHAE: I can always tell.
TYRION: Men like Lord Varys and I can't let our disadvantages get the best of us. We'll make a fisherman of him yet. (Takes a sip).
VARYS: I am glad your new friend was able to accompany you to the capital. Friends are such an important part of life. Unfortunate that your father didn't want her to come. But rest easy my lord, I am very good at keeping secrets for my good friends.
TYRION: Your discretion is legendary, where your friends are concerned.
VARYS: How unspeakable of me to go on and on, when all you want to do is rest. I will leave you. (Kisses Shae’s hand). Welcome to Kings Landing, my dear. The city is made brighter by your presence. We have a council meeting, my lord.
Shae stands up, and walks away. Tyrion puts his hand on the door, blocking it from being opened.
TYRION: I don't like threats.
VARYS: Who threatened you?
TYRION: I'm not Ned Stark. I understand the way this game is played.
VARYS: Ned Stark was a man of honor.
TYRION: And I am not. Threaten me again and I will have you thrown into the sea.
VARYS: You might be disappointed in the results. The storms come and go. The big fish eat the little fish. And I keep on paddling. Come, my lord. We shouldn't keep the queen waiting.
Tyrion opens the door. He and Varys exit. Varys closes the door behind them.
INT. SMALL COUNCIL CHAMBER
The small council sits at their table. Alton stands nearby. Cersei is reading a letter aloud.
CERSEI: “From this time until the end of time, we are not part of your realm, but a free and independent Kingdom of the North.” (Rips up the letter). He has more spirit than his father, I'll give him that.
TYRION: You've perfected the art of tearing up papers. Give him his father's bones back, at least, as a gesture of good faith.
CERSEI: You'll give the Starks our reply, cousin?
ALTON: I will, Your Grace.
CERSEI: Did you see my brother when you were the Starks guest?
Varys and Baelish look annoyed.
ALTON: I did. They have not broken his spirit, Your Grace.
CERSEI: If you speak with him, tell him he's not been forgotten.
ALTON: I will, Your Grace.
TYRION: Safe travels, cousin.
Alton leaves the room, followed by two gold cloaks.
TYRION: You have a deft hand with diplomacy.
CERSEI: If that's everything?
PYCELLE: (Holding a letter). A raven flew in this morning from Castle Black.
Pycelle hands the letter to Tyrion, who unfurls it and begins reading.
VARYS: Trouble with the wildlings?
BAELISH: That's why they're called wildlings.
VARYS: Somewhat less wild these days. It seems they've stopped killing each other and started following this King-Beyond-the-Wall.
CERSEI: Another king? How many is that now, Five? I've lost count.
TYRION: Lord Commander asks that we send more men to man The Wall.
CERSEI: Perhaps he's forgotten we're fighting a war. We have no men to spare.
TYRION: Cold winds are rising, and the dead rise with them.
PYCELLE: The northerners are a superstitious people.
Everyone but Tyrion stands up to leave.
TYRION: According to the Commander, one of these dead men attacked him in his chambers. (The other stop leaving). Mormont doesn't lie.
VARYS: How do you kill a dead man?
TYRION: Apparently you burn him.
CERSEI: One trip to The Wall and you come back believing in grumpkins and snarks. (Walks away, followed by Varys).
TYRION: I don't know what I believe, but here's a fact for you. The Night's Watch is the only thing that separates us from what lies beyond the Wall.
CERSEI: I have every confidence the brave men of the Night's Watch will protect us all.
Everyone but Tyrion leaves.
CUT TO: BEYOND THE WALL
INT. CRASTER’S CAMP
Sam, Edd, and Grenn are standing at a table. Edd and Grenn are cutting food.
EDD: Then I said, if the gods wanted us to have dignity, wouldn't make us fart when we died.
GRENN: We fart when we die?
EDD: My blessed mother was holding her own when she left this world. She farted so hard, the whole bed shook.
Edd makes farting noises with his mouth as they continue to cut food. Sam looks up and watches Gilly walk past.
SAM: Seems a bit greedy for one man to have so many wives. Wouldn't two, or three, be enough for him?
EDD: We were having a serious discussion.
Grenn looks up to watch some of the women.
GRENN: Would you look at that.
SAM: Nothing like the sight of a woman walking away.
GRENN: I prefer watching them come towards me.
SAM: I'm sure that's nice too.
GRENN: Well, there was a milkmaid named Violet on the next farm over from where I grew up. And we were wrestling together from the time we were six years old. And then we got older, the wrestling, uh, (laughs), changed.
SAM: You were with her? How many times?
GRENN: Well, as many times as I could.
SAM: Wish I'd grew up on a farm.
EDD: We need more potatoes. And get another sack for the sludge. (Sam begins to walk away). Get the turnips too.
As Sam continues walking, a dog barks. Then a woman screams. Sam turns around to see Gilly backed up against a fence post. Ghost stands in front of her, eyeing the meat she is carrying. Sam begins slowly walking over.
SAME: No. Ghost, no. No. Ghost, away. Shoo. Shoo! (Ghost walks away). (To Gilly)  You all right? Did he frighten you?
Sam reaches out to touch Gilly, but she flinches back.
GILLY: You shouldn't touch me.
SAM: Oh, oh. Right. I'm sorry. I just wanted to make sure you weren't hurt. (Long pause).
GILLY: You're very brave.
The camera moves to a shot of Jon sharpening his sword. He stops and looks up as Sam and Gilly approach him.
JON: What’re you doing?
SAM: This is Gilly, she's one of Craster's daughters.
JON: Hello, Gilly. What’re you doing?
GILLY: Sam said you could help.
JON: I'm sorry, Sam knows we're not supposed to -
SAM: She's pregnant. (Gilly encourages Sam to continue). We have to take her with us, when we leave.
JON: What? (Stands up).
SAM: I know it sounds a bit mad.
JON: No it doesn't sound a bit mad, it's impossible.
SAM: The Lord Commander, (Jon tries and fails to interrupt Sam), we are sworn to protect -
JON: Sam we can't take her -
GILLY: Please sir, please. I can still run if I have to.
JON: It's just not possible.
GILLY: I'm going to have a baby, if it's a boy I…
JON: If it's a boy what? (Gilly looks around and then down, not answering). You want us to risk our lives for you, and you won't even tell us why.
Gilly looks taken aback, and then runs off.
SAM: Why did you do that?
JON: Do what, ask her a question?
SAM: You were cruel.
JON: Cruel! Sam are you in such a hurry to lose a hand?
SAM: I didn't touch her!
JON: No you just want to steal her. What do you think Craster cuts off for that?
SAM: I can't steal her, she's a person not a goat.
JON: We're heading deeper and deeper into wildling territory. We can't take a girl with us. Mormont wouldn't have it. And even if he would, what would we do with her? Who's gonna deliver her baby? You?
SAM: I could try. (Jon looks down, annoyed). What? I've read about it. A bit.
JON: I'm sorry Sam, we can't help her.
Jon sits back down, and returns to sharpening his sword. Sam walks away. When Sam is gone, Jon sighs deeply.
CUT TO: ESSOS
EXT. DESERT
The camera pans across Daenerys’s people, many of whom appear tired and weak. Jorah and Daenerys sit near each other. After looking out for a few moments, Jorah takes a sip of his water, and then sighs. Then a horse can be heard approaching. Jorah looks up at it, and it is shown to be riderless.
JORAH: Khaleesi.
Daenerys looks up at the horse. Jorah gets up. The horse is covered in red paint. Jorah walks over to it. A soaking wet sack is attached to it. Some hair can be seen poking out of the top. Flies can be heard buzzing. Jorah feels the hair, and Daenerys gets up from where she was sitting to approach the horse. Jorah pulls the object in the sack out a little bit by the hair, revealing it to be a human head. He then puts it back in the sack. Jorah picks up the ponytail of the head, which has been cut off.
JORAH: You don't need to see this.
DAENERYS: He is blood of my blood.
Daenerys looks in the sack, and then quickly looks away.
DAENERYS: Who did this?
JORAH: Khal Pono perhaps, Khal Jhaqo They don't like the idea of a woman leading a Khalasaar.
DAENERYS: They will like it far less when I'm done with them.
Irri walks over and sees the head. She then falls to her knees, crying.
IRRI: No! (Speaking Dothraki, to Daenerys) They killed his soul!
DAENERYS: (Speaking Dothraki) Shh. They cannot kill his soul.
IRRI: (Speaking Dothraki) They did! They butchered him like an animal. They did not burn his body. (Daenerys kneels to Irri’s level). He can never join his ancestors in the night lands.
DAENERYS: (Speaking Dothraki) Shh. We will build him a funeral pyre.
Daenerys looks up at Jorah. Jorah looks down. Daenerys addresses Irri again, holding her head.
DAENERYS: (Speaking Dothraki) And I promise you, Rakharo will ride with his ancestors tonight.
Daenerys continues to comfort Irri as she cries. Irri wails loudly.
CUT TO: IRON ISLANDS
EXT. BOAT
Theon stands on a boat, looking out at the Iron Islands. He smiles. The camera then cuts to him below deck. A naked woman lies in his bed. He walks towards the windows.
WOMAN: Is it as you remember my lord?
THEON: (Removes his jacket). Looks smaller.
WOMAN: Everything looks bigger when you're a child. I remember my father's cabin, felt like a palace when I was little. Now look at it.
THEON: (Removes more of his clothes). They'll be waiting for me on the docks.
WOMAN: Who will?
THEON: Anyone who matters, (Takes off his shirt), this is a big day for them. They haven't had much to get excited about since I left. It's a hard place the Iron Islands always has been. It's cold and it's wet.
WOMAN: I love the cold and wet.
THEON: They say hard places breed hard men, (Unbuttons his pants), and hard men rule the world.
WOMAN: Then you'll be king before long.
THEON: (Kneels down). Try smiling with your lips closed. (She does). Hmm, better.
Theon stands up and roughly pushes her back onto the bed.
WOMAN: My father doesn't trust you Iron islanders.
THEON: (Taking off his pants). I don't blame him.
WOMAN: He says that you're all reavers and rapers. And that no matter how many women you have, you'll never be satis-
The woman groans as they begin having sex.
THEON: Quit talking about your father. He's right about us. Our wives from the Iron Islands, they're for breeding. That's not enough for us. That's why we take saltwives, from the women we capture.
WOMAN: Capture me! Take me with you when you go ashore. Make me your saltwife.
THEON: Your place is on this ship.
WOMAN: Not after you leave. Father will punish me. He'll call me a whore.
THEON: I haven't paid you.
Theon flips her over, and they continue having sex.
CUT TO: KING’S LANDING
INT. BROTHEL
A prostitute and a man are having sex. A man is watching them through a small hole, while he himself is getting a blowjob. He holds some keys in his hand, which are jingling as he pushes the prostitute’s head. Baelish, in turn, is watching this man. He hears a noise and turns around, then covers the hole he was watching through. A man emerges from another room. A woman can be heard crying from inside.
MAN: I barely touched her. And you charge twice as much as every other brothel. And this is what I get, crying.
BAELISH: One moment, my friend. A moment.
Baelish snaps his fingers, and a woman emerges from another room, covered only in gold jewelry. Out of sight, Baelish wipes some semen from her face with a cloth, and then turns back to the disgruntled man.
BAELISH: Please accept my sincerest apologies. Ramka will take good care of you.
Upon seeing Ramka, the man smiles. As they begin to kiss passionately, Baelish goes to investigate the crying woman. He enters the room to see Roz, curled up on the bed, crying. He walks over to her, putting a hand on her back, and then sits next to her.
ROZ: I’m sorry, my lord.
BAELISH: Shhh. Did he hurt you?
ROZ: No, my lord… It’s Mhaegen.
BAELISH: Who?
ROZ: She works for you. She's the one, the girl whose, they killed her baby.
BAELISH: Ah, yes, that was poorly handled. Sometimes those with the most power have the least grace.
ROZ: Can't stop thinking about it, I can't sleep. Her poor little baby.
BAELISH: You know, you remind me of another girl. A lovely thing I once acquired from an Elysium pleasure house. Beautiful, like yourself, and intelligent as yourself. But she wasn't happy. She cried, often. I asked her why but, we didn't have the kind of rapport that you and I have. Yes, it was quite sad. Girls from Elysium pleasure houses are expensive. Extremely expensive. And this one wasn't making me any money. I hate bad investments. Really, I do. They haunt me. I had no idea how to make her happy, no idea how to mitigate my losses. A very wealthy patron, he offered me a tremendous amount of money to let him transform this lovely, sad girl. To use her in ways that never occur to most men. And you know what occurs to most men. I would not say he succeeded in making her happy but my losses were definitely mitigated. (Stands up). Take tonight off to mourn Mhaegen’s child. I’ll see you tomorrow. But you’ll be happy? (Roz nods and smiles). That makes me happy.
INT. DINING ROOM
PODRICK: More wine?
The scene begins zoomed in on Podrick pouring Janos a glass of wine. He then spills, and we see Tyrion and Janos sitting at a table.
JANOS: Damn it, boy!
PODRICK: Apologies, my lord.
TYRION: Leave us, Podrick. I believe we know how to pour our own wine.
JANOS: (Podrick leaves). Is that your new squire? Could have found you a proper lad.
TYRION: Myself, I prefer the improper ones.
JANOS: Hmm, that's a good red. Dornish?
TYRION: You know your wines, my lord.
JANOS: That I do. A fine dinner, my lord.
TYRION: Call me Tyrion, please. I'm sure you're getting used to fine dinners, now that you're a lord.
JANOS: Maybe I'll hire this cook of yours.
TYRION:Wars have been started for less.
They both laugh. Janos sips his wine.
TYRION: I heard there was some trouble in Littlefinger's brothel the other night.
JANOS: Hmm. Nasty business, had to be done.
TYRION: Yes, of course. City Watch must keep the peace. Only, I hadn't realized peace depended on killing babies.
JANOS: Orders are orders.
TYRION: Quite right. Especially the queen's orders.
JANOS: I never said they were the queen's orders.
TYRION: No, but who else would want to murder King Robert's bastards? She's always been a jealous woman.
JANOS: You know your sister better than I do.
TYRION: You've heard the awful rumors about my brother and sister.
JANOS: I don't listen to filth.
TYRION: That's good of you, but you have heard them. I suppose people who do believe that filth, consider Robert's bastards to be better claimants to the throne than Cersei's children.
JANOS: Joffrey is my king, the rest doesn't interest me. (Sips his wine).
TYRION: I appreciate your loyalty. Tell me.
When your men slaughtered Ned Stark's men in the throne room, did you give the order?
JANOS: I did. And I would again. The man was a traitor. He tried to buy my loyalty.
TYRION: The fool! He had no idea you were already bought.
JANOS: Are you drunk? I'll not have my honor questioned by an Imp.
TYRION: I'm not questioning your honor, Lord Janos. I'm denying its existence.
JANOS: You think I'll stand here and take this from you, dwarf.
TYRION: Dwarf? You should have stopped at imp. And yes, you will stand here and take it from me, unless you'd like to take it from my friend here.
Tyrion gestures towards Bronn, who has appeared in the room.
TYRION: I intend to serve as Hand of the King until my father returns from the war, and seeing as you betrayed the last Hand of the King, well, I just wouldn't feel safe with you lurking about.
TYRION: The queen regent. And you're a fool to believe she's your friend.
JANOS: We shall hear what Joffrey has to say about this.
TYRION: No, we shan't.
Tyrion nods at Bronn, who gestures for some armed men to enter the room.
TYRION: There's a ship leaving for East Watch by the sea tonight. From there, I'm afraid it's rather a long walk to Castle Black. I hope you enjoy the Wall. I found it surprisingly beautiful, in a brutal, horribly uncomfortable sort of way.
BRONN: The lads will escort you. The streets aren't safe at night, my lord.
JANOS: These men are under my command. (Bronn laughs). I command you to arrest this cutthroat.
TYRION: His name is Bronn... and he is the new commander of the City Watch.
BRONN: Boys?
The gold cloaks in the room escort Janos out. Janos begins shouting as they take him.
JANOS: I have friends at court! Powerful friends! The king himself made me a lord!
Janos is escorted out of view. Bronn sits down, and Tyrion pours him a cup of wine.
TYRION: To the new Commander.
Tyrion and Bronn clink their glasses together. Then they both sip.
TYRION: If I told you to murder, an infant girl say, still at her mother's breast, would you do it without question?
BRONN: Without question? No. I'd ask how much.
CUT TO: WOODS
EXT. CAMP NEXT TO A RIVER
Gendry gathers some water in a bucket. Lommy and Hot Pie sit next to the river, washing things. Arya sits away from them, doing the same.
LOMMY: If they come back, I say we yield. Gendry's the one they want. I don't want to get caught in the middle of a battle.
HOT PIE: I'm not afraid of no battles.
ARYA: If you got within a mile of a battle, you'd fill your pants.
HOT PIE: I've seen lots of battles. I saw -
ARYA: Liar.
HOT PIE: I saw a man kill another man just outside a tavern in Flea Bottom. Stabbed him right in the neck.
LOMMY: Two men fighting isn't a battle.
HOT PIE: They had armor on.
ARYA: So?
HOT PIE: So, if they got armor on, it's a battle.
LOMMY: No, it isn't.
HOT PIE: What's a dyer's apprentice know about battles anyway?
ARYA: (Gendry walks over to get more water). Gendry's an armorer's apprentice. Hot Pie, tell Gendry what makes it a battle.
HOT PIE: (Hesitates) It's when they've got armor on.
GENDRY: Now who told you that.
HOT PIE: A knight?
GENDRY: How'd you know he was a knight?
HOT PIE: Well, cause he got armor on.
GENDRY: You don't have to be a knight to have armor. Any idiot can buy armor. (Arya smiles).
HOT PIE: How'd you know?
GENDRY: ‘Cause I sold armor.
Lommy nudges Hot Pie, and they both get up and leave. Arya stops washing and stands up, walking over to Gendry.
ARYA: What do the gold cloaks want with you?
GENDRY: (Turning around) No idea.
ARYA: You're a liar.
GENDRY: (Walking to camp fire). You shouldn't insult people that are bigger than you.
ARYA: Then I wouldn't get to insult anyone. (Follows him).
GENDRY:  Well, I don’t care what any of them want. No good's ever come of their questions.
ARYA: No good's ever come? Who asked questions before?
GENDRY: How can someone so small be such a huge pain in my ass?
ARYA: Who asked questions?
GENDRY: The Hand of the King. Er, hands of the King. Lord Arryn came first, a few weeks before he died. And then Lord Stark came, a few weeks before he died.
ARYA: Lord Stark.
GENDRY: See? Asking me questions is bad luck. (Walks back to river). You'll probably be dead soon.
ARYA: What did they ask about?
GENDRY: My mom.
ARYA: Who's your mom?
GENDRY: Just my mom. Worked in a tavern. Died when I was little.
ARYA: And who was your father?
GENDRY: He could be one of those gold-hatted bastards, for all I know. What about you, anyway? You thought they were after you, why? Did you kill someone, or is it just because you're a girl?
ARYA: I'm not a girl!
GENDRY: (Walks back to camp fire). Yes you are. You think I'm as stupid as the rest of them?
ARYA: Stupider. Night's Watch doesn't take girls, everyone knows that.
GENDRY: That's true. You're still a girl.
ARYA: I am not!
GENDRY: Well, pull your cock out and take a piss then.
ARYA: I don't need to take a piss… Lommy and Hot Pie can’t know. No one can know.
GENDRY: They won't. Not from me.
ARYA: My name's not Arry. It's Arya. Of House Stark. Yoren is taking me home to Winterfell.
GENDRY: He was your father. The Hand. The traitor.
ARYA: He was never a traitor! Joffrey is a liar.
GENDRY: So you're a highborn, then. You're a lady.
ARYA: No. I mean yes. My mother was a lady, and my sister -
GENDRY: You were a lord's daughter and you lived in a castle. Look, all that about cocks. I should never have said that. I've been pissing in front of you and everything. I should be calling you milady.
ARYA: Do not call me milady.
GENDRY: As milady commands. (Arya pushes him). Well, that was unladylike.
Arya pushes Gendry to the ground. He laughs, and she stomps off.
CUT TO: IRON ISLANDS
EXT. DOCKSThe scene starts with a wide shot of the busy docks. Theon stands in a rowboat as is comes up against the side of a wall. He gets out and walks up some stairs. An old man spots him.
MAN: What you carrying?
THEON: Pears and oranges. Wine from the Arbor. And the heir to Pyke of the Iron Islands. (The man makes no response). The only living son of Balon Greyjoy. (The man continues to make no response). Me.
MAN: Don't like wine. Woman's drink. (Returns to his work).
THEON: I need to get to Pyke.
The man looks up, but makes no move or response. Theon looks annoyed and pulls out some coins.
MAN: I'll find you a horse.
The man takes the coins and walks away. Theon watches as the rowboat that took him there leaves. He looks down.
YARA: I'm heading that way. I can take you there.
THEON: I bet you can.
YARA: You been at sea long? Or were there just no women where you came from?
THEON: None like you.
YARA: You don't know what I'm like.
THEON: You don't know what you're like. You need someone to teach you. Know who I am?
YARA: You think I offer free rides to every man in jewelry. Lord Greyjoy.
Yara and Theon pass the man as they are walking. He is leading a horse. Theon gives him some more coins.
THEON: Have my things sent up to the castle.
EXT. BEACH
Yara and Theon ride on horseback on a beach. Yara is at the reins.
THEON: You should give me the reins, I'm a better rider than you. I've been on horseback for the last nine years.
YARA: Nine years. Do you still know your way around a ship? Have these hands ever touched a rope?
THEON: Don't you worry about my hands. (Theon begins fondling her). The sea's in my blood.
YARA: Your blood will be in the sea if I don't watch where I'm going.
THEON: I have a proposal for my father. One that will make him king again. And me after him. You may stay at the castle tonight, if you're lucky.
YARA: Is that an offer from my future king?
THEON: An order, from your future king. You can tell your grandchildren about this night.
YARA: I don't imagine it will be a story fit for children.
As they approach the castle, the camera pans up to view it in its entirety.
INT. INSIDE PYKE
Balon sits in front of a fireplace. Theon enters the room.
THEON: Father.
BALON: Nine years, is it? They took a frightened boy. What have they given back?
THEON: A man. Your blood and your heir.
BALON: We shall see. Stark had you longer than I did.
THEON: Lord Stark is gone.
BALON: And how do you feel about that?
THEON: What's done is done. I've brought you a proposal from Robb Stark.
BALON: Who gave you those clothes? (Stands up).  Was it Ned Stark's pleasure to make you his daughter?
THEON: If my clothes offend you, I will change them.
BALON: It will. (Begins walking forward). That bauble around your neck. Did you pay the iron price for it or the gold? (Theon looks down). I asked a question. Did you pull it from the neck of a corpse you made or did you buy it to match your fine clothes? Iron or gold?
THEON: Gold.
Balon reaches out and rips the bauble off. Theon’s cloak falls to the ground.
BALON: I'll not have my son dressed as a whore. (Balon walks towards the fireplace and looks into it). My fears have come true. The Starks have made you theirs.
THEON: (Steps forward). My blood is salt and iron.
BALON: Yet, (Turns around), the Stark boy sends you to me like a trained raven, clutching his message.
THEON: The offer he makes, is one I proposed.
BALON: He heeds your counsel?
THEON: I've lived with him, hunted with him, fought at his side, he thinks of me as a brother.
BALON: No, not here, (Walks forward), not in my hearing, you will not name him brother. This son of the man who put your true brothers to the sword. Or have you forgotten your own blood?
THEON: I forget nothing. I remember my brothers. And I remember when my father was a king.
Theon holds a letter out. Balon takes it and turns around. He then unfurls it and reads it.
BALON: I see. I destroy Robb Stark's enemies for him and he will make me King of the Iron Islands once again.
THEON: I will lead the attack myself.
BALON: Oh, you will?
THEON: I'm your son. Your only living heir. Who else?
Someone enters the room. Balon looks behind Theon, and he turns to look as well.
THEON: I told you to wait outside. (The person who entered is revealed to be Yara). How did you get past the guards?
YARA: Anything with a cock is easy to fool.
BALON: (Puts his arm around her). My dear.
THEON: Yara?
YARA: So good to see you, brother. This is a homecoming I'll tell my grandchildren about.
THEON: She can't lead an attack!
BALON: And why not?
THEON: You're a woman!
YARA: You're the one in skirts.
BALON: This isn't Winterfell, boy. Your sister took over command of your eldest brother's ship after your new father killed him.
ALL THREE: (Theon joins a little late). What's dead may never die.
The only night she's spent off these islands has been spent on the sea. She's commanded men. She's killed men. She knows who she is.
Balon leans down and burns the letter in the fire. Yara smirks at Theon.
BALON: (Watching the letter burn in his hand). No man gives me a crown. I pay the iron price. I will take my crown. (Throws the letter in the fire). That is who I am. That is who we have always been.
Balon walks away. Yara follows him. Theon turns around to watch them leave.
THEON: You won't stand a chance against the Lannisters on your own.
BALON:Who said anything about the Lannisters?
CUT TO: DRAGONSTONE
EXT. BEACH
Davos and Salladhor Saan walk on a beach. Matthos follows closely behind them..
DAVOS: You'll have your gold when we take the treasury at King's Landing.
SAAN: All these kings fighting for the throne, and this Stannis has the smallest army. Why would I bet on the man with the worst chance?
DAVOS: Because you're a smart gambler. Stannis has proved himself in war. Twice. His baby brother has never set foot on a battlefield. Neither has the false king, Joffrey.
SAAN: And yet, they both have larger armies.
DAVOS: Stannis has just begun the fight. His bannermen will rally to his cause. There's no man in the Seven Kingdoms more honorable than Stannis Baratheon. Or more worthy of loyalty.
SAAN: What is the world coming to when smugglers must vouch for the honor of kings.
MATTHOS: Mind your words, pirate. (They all stop walking).
DAVOS: Matthos.
SAAN: You think I'm insulted? I am a pirate. I'm an excellent pirate. I don't sail for promises.
DAVOS: Of course you do. Every time you leave harbor, you're leaving on a promise. A promise that somewhere on the seas, somebody's got some gold and you can take it from them.
SAAN: That's a promise that always comes true.
DAVOS: As is mine. You're not the young man, Salladhor. And correct me if I'm wrong: Most pirates don't grow old.
SAAN: Only the clever ones.
DAVOS: You want to spend your last few years on the sea, stealing from Pentoshi cheesemongers and Midanese silk merchants, then go. They're out there waiting for you. That's easy. What I'm offering you is hard. Come with me and plunder the greatest city in Westeros. You'll be the richest man in Lysene. And the most famous. They'll be singing songs about you as long as men have voices to sing.
SAAN: Salladhor Saan is a good name for songs.
DAVOS: It is. (Matthos rolls his eyes).
SAAN: One thing, I want the queen.
DAVOS: The queen?
SAAN: Cersei, I want her. I'll sail with your fleet, all 30 of my ships, and if we don't drown at the bottom of Blackwater Bay, I will fuck this blonde queen and I will fuck her well.
MATTHOS: This war isn't about you. We're not attacking King's Landing so that you can rape the queen.
SAAN: I'm not going to rape her, I'm going to fuck her.
MATTHOS: As if she would just let you!
SAAN: You don't know how persuasive I am. I never tried to fuck you.
MATTHOS: Stannis is the rightful king, and the Lord of Light. The one true god.
SAAN: I've been all over the world, my boy, and everywhere I go, people tell me about the true god. They all think they found the right one. The one true god is what's between a woman's legs, and better yet a queen's legs.
Matthos walks away angrily. Saan turns back to Davos.
SAAN: I never thought you'd have a true believer for a son.
DAVOS: He's young yet. I promise you the gold. I promise you the glory. I cannot promise you the queen.
MATTHOS: You believe your king can win?
DAVOS: He is the one true king.
SAAN: You Westerosee are funny people. A man chops off your fingers and you fall in love with him. (They laugh). I'll sail with you, Davos Seaworth. You are the most honest smuggler I ever met. Make me rich.
DAVOS: Get me to the gates of King's Landing and I will.
They shake hands. Davos pats Saan on the back as he walks away. Saan and Matthos eye each other as Saan walks past. Matthos walks back over to his father.
MATTHOS: When will the King have a sail?
DAVOS: As soon as his God wills it.
MATTHOS: He's my God too, and yours. But you were too blind to see. (As they walk). Let me teach you how to read.
DAVOS: Oh you and your mother.
MATTHOS: It won't take long. You already know the letters. The holy books are much more persuasive than I can be.
DAVOS: I wish I had a God, truly! I'm not mocking you, but I've seen men pray to every God there is. Pray for wind, pray for rain, pray for home. None of it works!
MATTHOS: But you always came home.
DAVOS: I wasn't praying.
MATTHOS: (They reach their horses). But I was. Every night that you were at sea, I lit a candle and I prayed, for you.
DAVOS: You want me to have a god, fine. King Stannis is my god. He raised me up and blessed me with his trust. He gave you a future I could never have imagined. You know how to read, you'll be a knight someday. You think your fire god commanded all that? It was Stannis. Only Stannis.
MATTHOS: (As Davos is mounting his horse). Stannis is my king, but he's only a man.
DAVOS: Don't tell him that.
Davos rides away and Matthos watches. In the background, Saan’s boat is in the water.
CUT TO: KING’S LANDING
INT. TYRION’S ROOM
Tyrion sits at a table with a cup of wine. Cersei paces in front of him.
CERSEI: Lord Janos Slynt was Commander of the City Watch. You had no right to exile him.
TYRION: I have every right. I am the King's Hand.
CERSEI: You're serving as the King's Hand until father gets here. I am Queen Regent.
TYRION: Listen to me, Queen Regent, you're losing the people. Do you hear me?
CERSEI: Ha, the people. You think I care?
TYRION: You might find it difficult to rule over millions who want you dead. Half the city will starve when winter comes. The other half will plot to overthrow you. And your gold-plated thugs just gave them the rallying cry, “The Queen slaughters babies.” (Cersei says nothing). You don't even have the decency to deny it.
Cersei looks down and walks toward the window. Tyrion looks down, and then up at her.
TYRION: It wasn't you who gave the order, was it? Joffrey didn't even tell you. Or did he tell you? I imagine that would be even worse.
CERSEI: He did what needed to be done. (Now loudly). You want to be the Hand of the King? You want to rule? This is what ruling is! Lying on a bed of weeds, ripping them out by the root one by one before they strangle you in your sleep.
TYRION: I'm no king, but I think there's more to ruling that that.
CERSEI: I don't care what you think! You've never taken it seriously. You haven't, Jaime hasn't. (Sits down). It's all fallen on me.
TYRION: (Tries not to laugh). As has Jaime repeatedly, according to Stannis Baratheon.
CERSEI: You're funny. (Laughs). You've always been funny. But none of your jokes will ever match the first one, will they? You remember... back when you ripped my mother open on your way out of her and she bled to death.
TYRION: She was my mother too.
CERSEI: Now they're gone, for the sake of you. There's no bigger joke in the world than that. (Storms out).
CUT TO: DRAGONSTONE
INT. DRAGONSTONE KEEP
Davos moves some ships around on a model map of Westeros as Matthos looks on. Stannis enters with Melisandre.
DAVOS: Your Grace.
MATTHOS: Your Grace.
STANNIS: How did it fare with your pirate?
DAVOS: Salladhor Saan will join our fleet. 30 ships. His men know how to fight.
STANNIS: In my experience, pirates prefer fighting unarmed men.
DAVOS: Does seem the wiser choice.
STANNIS: It won't be a choice this time. Do you trust him?
DAVOS: Salladhor Saan is an old friend, I've known him 30 years. I've never trusted him.
But once he gets the smell of gold, he never stops.
STANNIS: Well if he does his job, he'll have his share. Leave us.
DAVOS: At once, Your Grace.
Davos walks away, followed by Matthos. As Matthos passes her, Melisandre stops him.
MELISANDRE: The Lord of Light shines through you, young warrior.
She then whispers something in his ear. When she is done, Matthos and Davos leave the room.
DAVOS: Come.
STANNIS: What did you say to him?
MELISANDRE: I told him death by fire is the purest death.
STANNIS: Why?
MELISANDRE: Because it is true. You're troubled my king.
STANNIS: Yeah.
MELISANDRE: These armies are but toys for the Lord of Light.
STANNIS: Tell your lord to burn them then.
MELISANDRE: I tell him nothing! I pray for his commands and I obey.
STANNIS: My little brother has a hundred thousand men according to the scouts. Men whose allegiance rightly belongs to me.
MELISANDRE: You must have faith.
STANNIS: Faith? In a real war, the side with the greater number wins nine times out of ten.
MELISANDRE: Then we must be the ten.
STANNIS: I cannot defeat my brother in the field, and I can't take King's Landing without the men he stole.
MELISANDRE: I have seen the path to victory in the flames. At first, you must give yourself to the Lord of Light.
STANNIS: I've said the words, damn you! I burnt the idols.
MELISANDRE: You must give... all of yourself.
Melisandre disrobes next to Stannis. He looks over and then looks away.
STANNIS: I have a wife. I took a vow.
MELISANDRE: She's sick. Weak. Shut away in the tower. And she disgusts you. And she's given you nothing. No sons. Only stillborns. Only death. (Whispers in his ear). I will give you a son, my King.
STANNIS: (Gasps). A son?
They begin kissing. Melisandre takes off what remained of her clothes. Stannis lays her on the table and they begin having sex, knocking many of the wooden models off of the table.
CUT TO: BEYOND THE WALL
EXT. CRASTER’S KEEP
Jon is sitting by a fire. He hears a noise and looks behind himself, seeing Craster walking away from the camp with a baby. Jon gets up to follow Craster and investigate, and walks into the woods. He begins hearing strange noises, and hides when he sees Craster walking back, without the baby. When Craster is out of sight, he runs in the direction Craster came from. He sees a figure lean down and pick up the baby. He is then startled by Craster, who puts his hand on Jon’s shoulder, and then knocks Jon out.
BEYOND THE WALL
INT. CRASTER'S KEEP at night
CRASTER crashes though the door and throws JON on the floor. JEOR and the Night's Watch leap to their feet.
CRASTER: Out, all of you. This bastard's been meddling where he shouldn't! I want you and your men gone. And you will make this right.
JON spits.
JEOR: Wait outside.
JON: Lord Commander
JEOR: Now!
Jon leaves.
EXT: CRASTER'S KEEP at night
Jeor strides through camp until he finds Jon and Sam.
SAM: Lord Commander
JEOR: Leave us.
SAM leaves
JEOR: What did you do?
JON: I followed him. He took the baby into the woods, the newborn.
JEOR: What business is that of yours?
JON: No, you don't understand. He's killing them, all the boys.
JEOR stares back mutely.
JON: You know.
JEOR: Wildlings serve crueler gods than you or I. Those boys are Craster's offerings.
JON: Offerings? He's murdering his own children. He's a monster.
JEOR: Aye, many a time that monster has been the difference between life and death for our rangers, your uncle among them. We have other wars to fight out there. Like it or not, we need men like Craster.
JON: I saw it. I saw something take that child.
JEOR: Yeah. Whatever it was, I daresay you'll see it again. Now, ready my horse. We leave at dawn.
JEOR hands JON his sword.
JEOR: Don't lose it again.
EXT: CRASTER'S KEEP the next morning
SAM arranges some crates. GILLY walks by and SAM follows her.
SAM: Gilly.
GILLY: You're leaving.
SAM: I I wanted to give you something. It belonged to my mother.
GILLY: I can't take it.
SAM: Please. I want you to. My mother used it for sewing. She'd let me sit with her in her chamber while she sewed and I'd read to her. My father put a stop to it when he found out. It's the only thing I have of hers. She gave it to me before I left for the Wall.
GILLY: You You shouldn't give it away.
SAM: I'm not giving it away. I'm giving it to you. Keep it safe for me. Till I come back.
Gilly takes the thimble, grabs her basket and flees. Sam smiles.
CUT TO: WINTERFELL
EXT: Winterfell.
The day begins in Winterfell. Maester Luwin encounters Hodor.
HODOR: Hodor
LUWIN: Hodor. Rouse Bran, will you? It's time for his lessons.
INT: Winterfell.
Bran wakes from a dream to find Hodor and Summer in his room.
BRAN: Every night it's the same. I'm walking and running, but I'm not I'm not me. I'm running through the godswood, sniffing the dirt, tasting blood in my mouth when I've made a fresh kill, howling. Old Nan used to tell me stories about magical people who could live inside stags, birds, wolves.
BRAN: So she was lying? They don't exist?
LUWIN: Well, they may have done. But they're gone from the world, along with much else. These are dreams, Bran, nothing more.
BRAN: No, my dreams are different. Mine are true. I dreamt of my father dying. And Rickon had the same dream.
LUWIN: What about all the dreams you had that didn't come true? Hmm? Right.
Luwin shows his chain to Bran.
LUWIN: This link is made of Valyrian steel. Only one maester in 100 wears it on his chain. It signifies that I have studied the higher mysteries. And all who study these mysteries try their hand at spells. I was no different. I was young. And what boy doesn't secretly wish for hidden powers to lift him out of his dull life into a special one? But in the end, for all my efforts, I got no more out of it than a thousand boys before me. Come on.
LUWIN tucks BRAN into bed.
LUWIN: All right. Maybe magic once was a mighty force in the world. But not anymore. The dragons are gone. The giants are dead. And the Children of the Forest forgotten.
CUT TO: STORMLANDS
EXT: Renly's war camp
An exhibition fight between two armored knights (actually LORAS and BRIENNE) ensues, with RENLY and MARGAERY watching on. CATELYN and COLEN OF GREENPOOLS enter and watch from among the crowd. LORAS lands a solid blow.
MARGAERY: Loras! Highgarden!
MAN: Get him!
BRIENNE lifts LORAS and takes him to the ground, then draws a dagger to his face. MARGAERY stands nervously.
CROWD: Oh!
LORAS: Yield! I yield.
MARGAERY sits, disappointed.
RENLY: Well fought. Approach.
BRIENNE approaches first and kneels while LORAS looks on.
RENLY: Rise. Remove your helm.
BRIENNE removes her helm to reveal her identity to the crowd.
RENLY: You are all your father promised and more, my lady. I've seen Ser Loras bested once or twice, but never quite in that fashion.
MARGAERY: Now, now, my love. My brother fought valiantly for you.
RENLY: That he did, my queen. But there can only be one champion. Brienne of Tarth, you may ask anything of me you desire. If it is within my power, it is yours.
BRIENNE: Your Grace, I ask the honor of a place in your Kingsguard.
RENLY: What?
The crowd gasps.
BRIENNE: I will be one of your seven, pledge my life to yours, and keep you safe from all harm.
RENLY: Done. Rise, Brienne of the Kingsguard.
The crowd applauds.
COLEN: Your Grace, I have the honor to bring you Lady Catelyn Stark, sent as an envoy by her son Robb, Lord of Winterfell.
CATELYN: Lord of Winterfell and King in the North.
RENLY: Lady Catelyn. I'm pleased to see you. May I present my wife, Margaery of House Tyrell?
MARGAERY: You are very welcome here, Lady Stark. I'm so sorry for your loss.
CATELYN: You are most kind.
RENLY: My lady, I swear to you I will see the Lannisters answer for your husband's murder. When I take King's Landing, I'll bring you Joffrey's head.
The crowd roars and Renly looks uncomfortable.
CATELYN: It will be enough to know that justice was done, my lord. Your Grace.
BRIENNE: And you should kneel when you approach the King.
RENLY: There's no need for that. Lady Stark is an honored guest.
LORAS: Has your son marched against Tywin Lannister yet?
CATELYN: I do not sit on my son's war councils. And if I did, I would not share his strategies with you.
LORAS: If Robb Stark wants a pact with us, he should come himself, not hide behind his mother's skirts.
CATELYN: My son is fighting a war, not playing at one.
Renly chuckles, stands and walks to Catelyn.
RENLY: Don't worry, my lady. Our war is just beginning.
EXT: Renly's war camp
Renly and Catelyn walk side by side, with Brienne behind them. They encounter a man with a horse
GERARD: Your Grace.
RENLY: Gerard. How's your foot?
GERARD: Better, Your Grace. They don't know their own size is all.
RENLY: Good man.
They continue walking.
RENLY: I have 100,000 men at my command. All the might of the Stormlands and the Reach.
CATELYN: And all of them young and bold like your Knight of Flowers? It's a game to you, isn't it?  I pity them.
RENLY: Why?
CATELYN: Because it won't last. Because they are the knights of summer and winter is coming.
RENLY: Brienne, escort Lady Catelyn to her tent. She's tired from her journey.
BRIENNE: At once, Your Grace. Shall I return after?
RENLY:  That won't be necessary. I would pray awhile. Alone.
Renly departs. Brienne and Catelyn continue together.
BRIENNE: If you'll follow me, my lady.
CATELYN: You fought bravely today, Lady Brienne.
BRIENNE: I fought for my king. Soon I'll fight for him on the battlefield. Die for him if I must. And, if it please you, Brienne's enough. I'm no lady.
CUT TO: IRON ISLANDS
INT: Throne room
Theon looks around the throne room. Yara appears from the shadows behind him.
THEON: What are you doing here?
YARA:I live here. Are you angry with me, brother?
THEON: You lying bitch.
YARA: It's not my fault you didn't recognize me.
THEON: Recognize you? How could I? The last time I saw you you looked like a fat little boy.
YARA: You were a fat little boy, too, but I recognized you.
THEON: Why didn't you tell me?
YARA: I wanted to see who you were first. And I did.
Balon enters.
BALON: The plans are made. It's time you heard them.
YARA: Father.
THEON: Father.
The look over a map of Westeros.
BALON: The wolf pup has gone south with the entirety of the Northern army at his back. While he's tangling with the lion in the Westerlands, the North is ripe for the taking. The ironborn will reave and pillage, as it was in the old days, all along the northern coast. We'll spread our dominion across the green lands, securing the Neck and everything above. Every stronghold will yield to us, one by one. Winterfell may defy us for a year, but what of it? The rest shall be ours, forest, field, and hall. Yara, my daughter, you'll take 30 longships to attack Deepwood Motte.
YARA: I've always wanted a castle.
THEON: And what's my role in all this?
BALON: You'll take a ship to raid the fishing villages on the Stoney Shore.
THEON: A ship? You give her 30 and I get one?
YARA:The Sea Bitch. We thought she'd be perfect for you.
THEON: I'm to fight fishermen?
YARA: Be careful of their nets.
THEON: Father, I fought with Robb Stark. I know his men. He won't give up the North so easily.
THEON: What do you know of it, woman? I'm a proven warrior.
BALON: Your brothers were warriors, both of them dead at the hands of those you seem so eager to protect.
THEON: I'm not protecting anyone. I just wonder if it's not wiser to wait. Why risk going against the North if they would be our allies? Rise up against them and they could destroy us. But if we pledge fealty to them, they'll give us Casterly Rock.
BALON: What are our words? Our words?
THEON: We do not sow.
BALON: We do not sow. We are ironborn. We're not subjects. We're not slaves. We do not plow the fields or toil in the mine. We take what is ours. Your time with the wolves has made you weak.
THEON: You act as if I volunteered to go. You gave me away, if you remember. The day you bent the knee to Robert Baratheon. After he crushed you. Did you take what was yours then?
BALON slaps THEON, who falls back.
THEON: You gave me away! Your boy! Your last boy! You gave me away like I was some dog you didn't want anymore. And now you curse me because I've come home.
BALON exits.
YARA: You'd have our father bow down to your other family?
THEON: I have no other family.
YARA: Don't you? Make your choice, Theon, and do it quickly. Our ships sail with or without you.
Yara leaves.
CUT TO: KING'S LANDING
INT: Tyrion's Chambers
Shae paces while Tyrion reads some parchment.
SHAE: You won't let me leave this room. You won't let me -
TYRION: Keep your voice down.
SHAE: Why? You think your father can hear me? He's 300 miles away!
TYRION: I don't intend for you to stay here. I might be able to bring you into the castle kitchens. Again, only temporary.
SHAE: Every man who has tasted my cooking has told me what a good whore I am.
TYRION: But you wouldn't be a cook. You'd pose as a scullion.
SHAE: Scullion? What is a scullion?
TYRION: Kitchen wench.
SHAE: A kitchen wench?
TYRION: Yes, but
SHAE: Cleaning pots? Is that how my lion wants to see me?
TYRION: Your lion wants to see you alive. We've come to a dangerous place. My sister wants to hurt me. She'll look for any weakness she can find. She can't know about you.
SHAE: I'm the weakness?
TYRION: It's a compliment, my lady.
SHAE: How is being a weakness a compliment?
TYRION: Language can be a bit tricky here.
SHAE: Oh. I'm too stupid to understand. The stupid foreign girl. I am not a kitchen wench.
Shae strides away from Tyrion. Tyrion looks down, exasperated.
INT: Dining Hall
Cersei dines awkwardly with Sansa, Tommen and Myrcella.
MYRCELLA: When will Joffrey and Sansa be married?
CERSEI: Soon, darling, when the war is over.
MYRCELLA: Mother says I'll have a new gown for the ceremony and another for the feast. But yours will be ivory, since you're the bride.
CERSEI: The princess just spoke to you.
SANSA: Pardon, Your Grace. I'm sure your dress will be beautiful, Myrcella. I'm counting the days until the fighting is done and I can pledge my love to the King in sight of the gods.
TOMMEN: Is Joffrey going to kill Sansa's brother?
CERSEI: He might. Would you like that?
TOMMEN: No. I don't think so.
CERSEI: Even if he does, Sansa will do her duty. Won't you, little dove?
Sansa looks dejected.
INT: Sansa's chambers at night.
Sansa continues to look dejected, this time into her mirror. There is a knock at the door.
SANSA: Come in.
Shae enters.
SANSA: Who are you?
SHAE: I'm Shae, My Lady. Your new handmaiden.
SANSA: I didn't know I needed a new handmaiden. You're not from here.
SHAE: No.
They pause.
SANSA: What are you doing?
SHAE: Waiting for you to tell me what to do.
SANSA: I shouldn't have to tell you to do things. You should just do them.
SHAE: What things?
SANSA: Change my linens, wash my clothing, scrub the floor, empty my chamber pot, brush my hair.
Shae closes the door and picks up a brush to comb Sansa's hair. Sansa stops her.
SANSA: No.
SHAE: You said to brush
SANSA: Not now.
SHAE: Your chamber pot is empty.
SANSA: Clean the table. Have you ever been a handmaiden before?
SHAE: Yes.
SANSA: For whom?
SHAE: Lady Zuriff.
SANSA: Lady Zuriff
SHAE: Lady Zuriff.
SANSA: There is no Lady Zuriff in this city.
SHAE: She wasn't in this city.
SANSA: I don't know how they did things in that city, but in this city, handmaidens wait on ladies, not the other way around. And I don't have time to answer a thousand questions and teach you how to do your job.
SHAE: Do you want me to leave?
SANSA: Just brush my hair.
Shae brushes her hair in silence.
INT: Tyrion's chambers, daytime.
Pycelle hands Tyrion some medicine.
TYRION: Oh! Thank the gods. I haven't had a proper shit in six days.
PYCELLE: I've encountered this problem before, my lord. The stresses of power often have this insalubrious effect. Two drops with water, daily.
TYRION: Right. I'm so grateful to have a man of your vast knowledge and wisdom on my side.
PYCELLE: Please. Thank you, my lord.
TYRION: I can trust you, Pycelle, can I not?
PYCELLE: Why, yes, of course, my lord.
TYRION: These are perilous times. And the crown must forge new alliances. And these alliances must often be sealed in matrimony.
PYCELLE: Matrimony, huh? Yes.
TYRION: I'm trusting the council with these plans, but the Queen mustn't know. We can't have her meddling in affairs that could determine the future of the realm. There's too much at stake.
PYCELLE: Oh, yes, yes. Indeed, yes. I shall be silent as the grave.
Tyrion walks to pour a drink.
TYRION: I'm brokering an alliance with House Martell of Dorne. Princess Myrcella will wed their youngest son when she comes of age, ensuring their loyalty and their army, should we need it.
PYCELLE: Myrcella sent away to Dorne?
INT: Tyrion's chambers, daytime, though we do not realize at first that it is later.
TYRION: But remember, the Queen mustn't know.
VARYS: Ooh. "The Queen mustn't know." I love conversations that begin this way.
TYRION: I plan to marry Princess Myrcella off to Theon Greyjoy.
VARYS: Theon Greyjoy? Forgive me, my lord, but how? He grew up a ward of Winterfell. He fights for Robb Stark.
TYRION: Precisely. Theon's father loathes the Starks and will convince the boy to come to our side. Greyjoy can destroy the Northern army from within and we can have his father's ships.
INT: Tyrion's chambers, again we do not realize at first that it is later.
TYRION: But remember, you must tell no one.
LITTLEFINGER: Tell no one what?
TYRION: I plan to wed Princess Myrcella to Robin Arryn of the Vale. Lysa is not fond of me. But perhaps the promise of a royal match will convince her to let bygones be bygones.
LITTLEFINGER: She imprisoned you. She tried to execute you. And you offer her son a princess?
TYRION: For men in our position, holding grudges can be an encumbrance, don't you think?
LITTLEFINGER: And I suppose you want me to broker this agreement?
TYRION: Who better?
Littlefinger walks as he ponders.
LITTLEFINGER: Yes, I could sing this song to Lysa, if I cared to. What's in it for me?
TYRION: The gratitude of the people of Westeros for helping to end this war, the adoration of the King for bringing the Vale back into the fold and Harrenhal.
LITTLEFINGER: Harrenhal is cursed.
TYRION: Never took you for a superstitious man. By all means, tear it down and rebuild. You'll be able to afford it. I plan to make you Lord of the Riverlands.
LITTLEFINGER: With a single stroke, you'd make me one of the greatest lords in the realm.
TYRION: You served my family well in the matter of the succession.
LITTLEFINGER: So did Janos Slynt, and he was given Harrenhal, too. Until you snatched it away.
TYRION: I need you to deliver Lysa Arryn. I didn't need Janos Slynt. It's settled, then?
LITTLEFINGER: (Nods.)
TYRION: Good. Oh. And remember
LITTLEFINGER: The Queen mustn't know.
Tyrion drinks deeply and Littlefinger ponders.
CUT TO: STORMLANDS
INT: Renly's chambers at night
Renly and Loras are kissing passionately. Renly brings Loras to the bed and sits astride him. He removes his own shirt, kisses him and undoes his shirt. He sees the heavy bruising on Loras's chest.
RENLY: That must hurt.
Loras refuses to kiss him, pouting.
RENLY: What? What is it?
LORAS: A member of the Kingsguard? As if I wasn't humiliated enough already.
RENLY: Brienne is a very capable warrior. And she's devoted to me. You're jealous.
LORAS: Jealous? Of Brienne the Beauty? Don't make me laugh.
RENLY: I'll make it up to you.
Renly moves to remove Loras's pants.
LORAS: No, Your Grace. Not tonight. There's another Tyrell who requires your attention. You didn't win my father's support or his army on charm alone.
Renly lies down, dejected, but then decides to try to seduce Loras one more time. Loras resists.
LORAS: Your vassals are starting to snigger behind your back. Brides aren't usually virgins two weeks after their wedding night.
RENLY: And Margaery's a virgin?
LORAS: Officially. Shall I bring her to you?
LORAS leaves the bed to get his sister.
INT: Renly's chambers, a bit later.
Renly pours and drinks some wine. Margaery enters.
RENLY: I should warn you, I've had quite a bit of wine.
MARGAERY: As is your right. You are a king.
RENLY: You look very beautiful.
MARGAERY: Thank you, Your Grace.
RENLY: It's a lovely gown.
MARGAERY: You think so? I can't decide how I like it better. This way, or this way.
MARGAERY removes her gown. Renly pauses, embarrassed.
RENLY:  You certainly don't need it.
MARGAERY starts kissing RENLY, but he resists and continues talking.
RENLY: Although, some say the beauty most desired is the beauty concealed.
MARGAERY hushes him and begins kissing again. She reaches to his groin, but is disappointed by his lack of excitement.
RENLY: Must be the wine.
MARGAERY: Here, let me.
She undoes his pants and tries to excite him.
RENLY: I'm sorry.
MARGAERY: Do you want my brother to come in and help?
RENLY: What?
MARGAERY: He could get you started. I know he wouldn't mind. Or I can turn over and you can pretend I'm him.
RENLY: I don't know what you're talking about.
MARGAERY: There's no need for us to play games. Save your lies for court. You're going to need a lot of them.
She sits next to him on the bed.
MARGAERY: Your enemies aren't happy about us. They want to tear us apart. And the best way to stop them is to put your baby in my belly. We can try again later. You decide how you want to do it, with me, with me and Loras, however else you like. Whatever you need to do. You are a king.
RENLY: (Sighs.)
CUT TO: KING'S LANDING
INT: Cersei's chambers, at night
CERSEl: You monster. Myrcella is my only daughter. Do you really think I'll let you sell her like a common whore?
TYRION: Myrcella's a princess. Some would say she was born for this.
CERSEI: I will not let you ship her off to Dorne as I was shipped off to Robert Baratheon.
TYRION: Dorne is the safest place for her.
CERSEI: Are you mad? The Martells loathe us.
TYRION: That's why we need to seduce them. We're going to need their support in the war your son started.
CERSEI: She'll be a hostage.
TYRION: A guest.
CERSEI: You won't get away with this. You think the piece of paper Father gave you keeps you safe. Ned Stark had a piece of paper, too.
TYRION: It's done, Cersei.
CERSEI:  No.
TYRION:  You cannot stop it.
CERSEI sweeps glassware from the table in frustration. It shatters.
CERSEI:  No!
TYRION: Just how safe do you think Myrcella is if this city falls? Do you want to see her raped, butchered like the Targaryen children? Make no mistake. They'll mount her pretty little head on a spike right beside yours.
CERSEI: Get out! Get out!
She moves to strike Tyrion, who recoils. Cersei turns, sits and weeps. Tyrion exits.
CUT TO: IRON ISLANDS
INT: Chamber, at night.
Theon reads over a letter he has written to Robb. He decides to burn it instead.
EXT: By the shore.
Theon and a drowned priest stand in ankle deep water while soldiers look on.
PRIEST: Theon of the House Greyjoy, you would this day consecrate your faith to the Drowned God?
THEON: I would.
DROWNED PRIEST:  Kneel.
Theon kneels.
DROWNED PRIEST: Let Theon, your servant, be born again from the sea as you were. Bless him with salt. Bless him with stone. Bless him with steel.
THEON: What is dead may never die.
DROWNED PRIEST: What is dead may never die. But rises again harder and stronger. Stand.
Theon stands. Balon and Yara look on.
CUT TO: KING'S LANDING
INT: Tyrion's chambers, at night
Tyrion sits and ponders. Littlefinger enters, enraged.
LITTLEFINGER: I don't appreciate being made a fool of, dwarf. If Myrcella marries the Martell boy, she can't very well marry Robin Arryn, can she?
TYRION: No, afraid not. Sorry about that.
LITTLEFINGER: And Harrenhal, I suppose that's off the table as well.
TYRION: Yes, I fear so. Sorry about that, too.
LITTLEFINGER: Leave me out of your next deception.
TYRION: That's a shame. You were to be the centerpiece of my next deception. My brother Jaime rots in a northern stockade. I would see him released. That's where you come in.
LITTLEFINGER: Robb Stark will never release the Kingslayer.
TYRION: No, he won't. But his mother might. How would you like to see your beloved Cat again?
BRONN enters.
TYRION: Find him?
BRONN: Oh, aye. And he has company. Filthy old stoat. Almost hate to interrupt.
TYRION: No, you don't.
BRONN: No, I don't.
INT: Brothel
Pycelle and a prostitute lie on a bed. She is naked, while he is fully clothed. The door bursts open as Bronn and  TIMETT walk in. The woman flees the bed, and Pycelle sits up in indignation.
PYCELLE: What is the meaning of this? No, please, please.
TYRION stands in the doorway.
TYRION: You disappoint me, Grand Maester.
PYCELLE: I am your loyal servant.
TYRION: So loyal that you told the Queen about my plans to send Myrcella to Dorne.
PYCELLE: No! Never! It's a falsehood. I swear it. It wasn't me. Ah, Varys. It was Varys the Spider.
TYRION: See, I told Varys that I was giving the Princess to the Greyjoys. I told Littlefinger that I planned to wed her to Robin Arryn. I told no one that I was offering her to the Dornish. No one but you.
PYCELLE: The eunuch has spies everywhere.
TYRION: Cut off his manhood and feed it to the goats.
PYCELLE: No, no, no.
TIMETT: There are no goats, halfman.
TYRION: Well, make do.
PYCELLE recoils from TIMETT while BRONN smiles.
TYRION: How long have you been spying for my sister?
PYCELLE: All I did, I did for House Lannister. Always. Your lord father, ask him. I've always been his servant since the days of the Mad King.
TYRION: I don't like his beard.
PYCELLE: What? What?
BRONN grabs PYCELLE by the beard, then chops it off with a large knife.
PYCELLE: No. No.
TYRION: How many Hands have you betrayed, Pycelle? Eddard Stark? Jon Arryn?
PYCELLE: Lord Arryn, he knew. He knew the truth about the Queen. And he planned to act, to tell King Robert.
TYRION: So you poisoned him?
PYCELLE: No. Never.
TYRION: But you let him die, made sure he succumbed.
PYCELLE: Lannister I always served Lannister.
TYRION: Get him out of my sight. Throw him in one of the black cells.
BRONN and TIMETT wrestle Pycelle out of the room.  Pycelle: No. No, no, no. No, please. Don't! You can't do this to me!
TYRION leaves a coin on the chair for the prostitute, who looks appears to be in shock.
TYRION: For your trouble.
The struggle continues, so TYRION decides to double his payment in compensation. The prostitute nods meekly.
INT: TYRION'S CHAMBERS
Varys and Tyrion sit at table. Varys drinks some wine.
VARYS: You'll be pleased to know our mutual friend is doing quite well in Lady Sansa's service.
TYRION: Good. One of my better ideas.
VARYS: And it seems the Grand Maester has found his way into a black cell? Well played, My Lord Hand. But should I be worried? Janos Slynt, Pycelle. The Small Council grows smaller every day.
TYRION: The Council has a reputation for serving past Hands poorly. I don't mean to follow Ned Stark to the grave.
VARYS: Power is a curious thing, my lord. Are you fond of riddles?
TYRION: Why, am I about to hear one?
VARYS: Three great men sit in a room. A king, a priest and a rich man. Between them stands a common sellsword. Each great man bids the sellsword kill the other two. Who lives, who dies?
TYRION: Depends on the sellsword.
VARYS: Does it? He has neither crown nor gold nor favor with the gods.
TYRION: He has a sword, the power of life and death.
VARYS: But if it's swordsmen who rule, why do we pretend kings hold all the power? When Ned Stark lost his head, who was truly responsible? Joffrey? The executioner? Or something else?
TYRION: I've decided I don't like riddles.
VARYS: Power resides where men believe it resides. It's a trick, a shadow on the wall. And a very small man can cast a very large shadow.
They both drink.
CUT TO: RIVERLANDS
INT: the night's watch recruits sleep. Arya sharpens her sword. Yoren enters.
YOREN: You should be sleeping. Tomorrow's a long march. Thirty miles, if it don't piss on us.
ARYA: I can't sleep.
YOREN offers her his wineskin.
ARYA: I don't like the taste.
YOREN: You don't drink it for the flavor, to be honest. What?
ARYA: How do you sleep?
YOREN: Same as most men, I think.
ARYA: But you've seen things, horrible things.
YOREN: Aye. I've seen some pretty things, too, but not nearly so many.
ARYA: How do you sleep when you When you have those things in your head?
YOREN: You didn't see that. I made damn sure.
ARYA: I close my eyes and I see them up there. All of them standing there. Joffrey, the Queen and and my sister.
YOREN thinks for a bit.
YOREN: You know, we've got something in common, me and you. You know that? I must have been a couple of years older than you. I saw my brother stabbed through the heart right on our doorstep. He weren't much of a villain what skewered him. Willem, the lad's name was. He ran off before anyone could spit. And I just stood there, watching my brother die. Here's the funny part. I can't picture my brother's face anymore. But Willem, oh, he was a nice-looking boy. He had good white teeth, blue eyes, one of those dimpled chins all the girls like. I would think about him when I was working, when I was drinking, when I was having a shit. It got to the point where I would say his name every night before I went to bed. Willem. Willem. Willem. A prayer almost. Well, one day, Willem came riding back into town. I buried an ax so deep into Willem's skull they had to bury him with it. Willem's horse got me to the Wall and I've been wearing black ever since. Well... That'll help you sleep, eh?
Horn blasts ring out from outside. Yoren rises quickly in response.
YOREN: Ho! Get up, you lazy sons of whores! Arm yourselves.
GENDRY: Get up.
ARYA: Get up.
YOREN: Keep out of sight, both of you.
ARYA:  No, I'm not afraid.
GENDRY: I can fight.
YOREN: Keep out of sight. If things go wrong, you run. Do you hear me? You run along north and don't look back. Hey, there's men out there who want to fuck your corpses. Outside, now!
MAN: Come on, move, move!
EXT: Gold cloaks ride up to challenge the Night's Watch recruits.
MAN: Gold cloaks!
MAN: Everyone out!
MAN: Hey, you!
MAN: Open the damn cage!
AMORY: Where's the bastard, crow?
YOREN: Got more than a few bastards here. Who's asking?
AMORY: Ser Amory Lorch, sworn bannerman to Lord Tywin Lannister. These men from the capital requested our assistance. Drop your weapons in the name of the King.
YOREN: Now, which king would that be?
AMORY: This is your last chance. In the name of King Joffrey, drop your weapons.
YOREN: I don't think I will.
AMORY: So be it.
A gold cloak shoots Yoren with a crossbow. He falls, but then rises in anger.
YOREN: I always hated crossbows. Take too long to load.
YOREN battles the gold cloaks, and takes down a few of them before being subdued. Amory Lorch rides over and pierces Yoren with his sword, killing him. The recruits flee.
The cage containing the JAQEN, BITER and RORGE is about to catch fire. ARYA pauses, not sure of what to do. The gold cloaks set upon the recruits in battle.
JAQEN: Come back here! Help us, boy! A man can fight! Free us!
ARYA spies an axe and runs to retrieve it. She comes over to the cage.
JAQEN: Quick, give it to me. Give me the ax. Give me that.
The battle continues. Hot Pie watches from the bushes, but the recruits are outmatched.
GOLD CLOAK: Put them on the wagon!
GOLD CLOAK: There's more here.
GOLD CLOAK: Come on.
ARYA tries to run from the encampment. POLLIVER comes from the darkness, punches her in the face and she falls to the ground.
POLLIVER: What do we have here?
He takes Arya's sword.
ARYA: No!
POLLIVER: That's a fine little blade. Maybe I'll pick my teeth with it.
Hot Pie is pushed forward by soldiers, encountering Arya, still on the ground.
HOT PIE: I yield! I yield!
ARMORY: Round up any survivors. We'll take them back to Harrenhal.
POLLIVER: You heard him. You're coming with us.
HOT PIE: I yield!
They walk back to camp and come across a wounded LOMMY with a crossbow bolt in his leg.
LOMMY: Help! Help me!
POLLIVER: Something wrong with your leg, boy?
LOMMY: Look at it.
POLLIVER: Can you walk?
LOMMY: No. You got to carry me.
POLLIVER: All right.
He stabs the LOMMY instead. LOMMY spits up blood, and dies.
POLLIVER: "Carry him," he says.
ARMORY: We're looking for a bastard named Gendry. Give him up or I'll start taking eyeballs.
No one says anything. Then Arya gets an idea. She nodes over to the slain LOMMY.
ARYA: You want Gendry? You already got him. He loved that helmet.
EXT. OUTSIDE OXCROSS
Thunder rumbles through the darkness. It is raining at the gold cloak encampment. Two gold cloaks are arguing over who is the best fighter.
GUARD #1: It's got to be the Mountain. He's the biggest. He's the strongest.
RENNICK: Bulls are bigger than lions. Doesn't mean I'd pick a bull in a fight.
GUARD #1: If the bull had fangs and claws, I would. Right, the Mountain or our man Jaime.
RENNICK: If he ever gets out.
GUARD #1: Loras Tyrell?
RENNICK: Loras Tyrell. He's prettier than the Queen.
GUARD #1: I don't care about pretty. He's better with a sword than any of them.
RENNICK: How good could he be? He's been stabbing Renly Baratheon for years, and Renly ain't dead.
They laugh, and a horse neighs nervously.
RENNICK: The horses seem a little spooked to you? They're horses.
GUARD #1: They get spooked by their own shadows.
RENNICK: Shh. Do you hear that?
GUARD #1: No.
RENNICK: There's something out there.
The soldiers both stand to investigate the darkness. They move forward cautiously, until RENNICK lets out a loud fart. GUARD #1 jumps, and RENNICK laughs raucously.
GUARD #1: Oh. Oh, you're a right little prick. You should see your face.
RENNICK: I swear you pissed yourself. "Oh, who goes there? Ahh!"
GUARD #1: There is something out there.
RENNICK: Yeah, don't even try me.
GUARD #1: Rennick.
RENNICK: Do you think I'm an idiot?
GUARD #1: Rennick!
GUARD #1 draws his sword. A direwolf leaps from the darkness and attacks RENNICK. The camera focuses on ROBB's face in the darkness as RENNICK screams. ROBB and his northern men sit quietly on their horses, listening as a pack of wolves descends upon the Lannister men.
MAN: King in the North!
MEN: The King in the North!
EXT. The battlefield, the next morning.
The northern forces have completed their assault on the emcampment. The camera pans across bodies and wounded men in the mist. Horses niegh and soldiers cry out in pain. ROOSE and ROBB walk through the aftermath, followed by a handful of northern soldiers.
ROOSE: Five Lannisters dead for every one of ours. They're dead. Take everything they've got. We've nowhere to keep all these prisoners. Barely enough food to feed our own.
ROBB: We're not executing prisoners, Lord Bolton.
ROOSE: Of course, Your Grace. The officers will be useful. Some of them may be privy to Tywin Lannister's plans.
ROBB: I doubt it.
ROOSE: Well, we'll learn soon enough. In my family, we say, "A naked man has few secrets. "A flayed man none."
ROBB: My father outlawed flaying in the North.
ROOSE: We're not in the North.
ROBB: We're not torturing them.
ROOSE: The high road's very pretty, but you'll have a hard time marching your army down it.
ROBB: The Lannisters hold prisoners of their own. I won't give them an excuse to abuse my sisters.
WOUNDED SOLDIER: No, don't! Don't! Please!
TALISA: Shhh
A WOUNDED SOLDIER struggles as TALISA removes his tattered pants and tries to tend his bloody legs while another woman tries to help.
TALISA: The rot's set in.
WOUNDED SOLDIER: No, don't! No, don't!
TALISA: Shh.
WOUNDED SOLDIER: Please, don't! It'll get better. It doesn't even hurt.
TALISA: The rot will spread. If we don't take the foot now
WOUNDED SOLDIER: No, you can't!
ROBB approaches, looking concerned as he struggles. ROBB kneels and holds the man down.
WOUNDED SOLDIER: Ser! Please, ser.  I can't lose
ROBB: You'll die if she doesn't.
WOUNDED SOLDIER: I don't want to be a cripple, please.
ROOSE: Surely one of our men needs your attention more than this cub.
TALISA: Your men are not my men, my lord.
ROBB: Put this in your mouth and lie down. You don't want to watch.
WOUNDED SOLDIER:  No! You can't!
ROBB: Bite on it. It's better than biting your own tongue, believe me.
ROBB holds the WOUNDED SOLDIER down as TALISA saws off his foot. He screams through the gag that ROBB placed in his mouth. Robb watches the resigned TALISA saw through, impressed by her resolve.
CUT TO: Another part of the battleflield.
A mounted soldier rides slowly, carrying the Stark banner. TALISA readies the cart, carrying a wounded man. It starts forward, and TALISA looks exhausted. ROBB looks over at her. She notices, and turns. ROBB approaches.
ROBB: What's your name?
TALISA: Talisa.
ROBB: Your last name?
TALISA: You want to know what side my family fights on?
ROBB: You know my family name. You have me at a disadvantage.
TALISA: That boy lost his foot on your orders.
ROBB: They killed my father.
TALISA: That boy did?
ROBB: The family he fights for.
TALISA: Do you think he's friends with King Joffrey? He's a fisherman's son that grew up near Lannisport. He probably never held a spear before they shoved one in his hands a few months ago.
ROBB: I have no hatred for the lad.
TALISA: That should help his foot grow back.
TALISA walks away in frustration, carrying a heavy pail. ROBB follows.
ROBB: You'd have us surrender, end all this bloodshed. I understand. The country would be at peace and life would be just under the righteous hand of good King Joffrey.
TALISA: You're going to kill Joffrey?
ROBB: If the gods give me strength.
TALISA: And then what?
ROBB:  I don't know. We'll go back to Winterfell. I have no desire to sit on the Iron Throne.
TALISA: So who will?
ROBB:  I don't know.
TALISA: You're fighting to overthrow a king, and yet you have no plan for what comes after?
ROBB: First we have to win the war.
Frustrated, TALISA climbs onto a horse's cart, and signals it to start off.
ROBB: You never told me where you're from.
TALISA: Volantis.
ROBB:  Volantis? You're far from home. The boy was lucky you were here.
TALISA: He was unlucky that you were.
TALISA rides away, and they both watch one another as she gets further and further away.
EXT. KING'S LANDING
INT. THRONE ROOM
JOFFREY aims a crossbow at a kneeling SANSA while the HOUND stands by.
JOFFREY: You're here to answer for your brother's latest treasons.
SANSA: Your Grace, whatever my traitor brother has done, I had no part. You know that. I beg you, please
JOFFREY: Ser Lancel, tell her of this outrage.
LANCEL address the room, which is taken aback by his recounting.
LANCEL: Using some vile sorcery, your brother fell on Stafford Lannister with an army of wolves. Thousands of good men were butchered. After the slaughter, the Northmen feasted on the flesh of the slain.
JOFFREY: Killing you would send your brother a message.
SANSA: (Cries.)
JOFFREY: But my mother insists on keeping you alive. Stand. So we'll have to send your brother a message some other way. Meryn.
MERYN TRANT approaches SANSA.
JOFFREY: Leave her face. I like her pretty.
SANSA looks aghast at JOFFREY. MERYN punches her full-force in the stomach and she doubles over in pain. JOFFREY looks on cruelly as MERYN cuts SANSA's legs out from under her. She falls to the floor, wailing.
JOFFREY: Meryn, my lady is overdressed. Unburden her.
MERYN rips SANSA's dress from the back. She cries in anguish.
JOFFREY: If you want Robb Stark to hear us, we're going to have to speak louder.
MERYN raises his sword to hit SANSA.
TYRION: What is the meaning of this?
MERYN holds, while TYRION and BRONN enter the throne room. JOFFREY looks worried.
TYRION: What kind of knight beats a helpless girl?
MERYN: The kind who serves his king, Imp.
BRONN: Careful, now. We don't want to get blood all over your pretty white cloak.
TYRION: Someone get the girl something to cover herself with. She is to be your queen. Have you no regard for her honor?
JOFFREY: I'm punishing her.
TYRION: For what crimes? She did not fight her brother's battle, you half-wit.
JOFFREY: You can't talk to me like that. The king can do as he likes!
TYRION: The Mad King did as he liked. Has your Uncle Jaime ever told you what happened to him?
MERYN: No one threatens His Grace in the presence of the Kingsguard.
TYRION: I'm not threatening the king, ser. I am educating my nephew. Bronn, the next time Ser Meryn speaks, kill him. That was a threat. See the difference?
MERYN stares daggers at TYRION. TYRION approaches SANSA and offers his hand. She takes it and stands. They walk out together.
TYRION: I apologize for my nephew's behavior. Tell me the truth. Do you want an end to this engagement?
SANSA: I am loyal to King Joffrey, my one true love.
TYRION: Lady Stark, you may survive us yet.
TYRION watches SANSA walk out of the chamber, in admiration of her strength and clever response.
BRONN: The little king's backed up. Clogged from balls to brains.
TYRION: You think dipping his wick will cure what ails him?
BRONN: There's no cure for being a cunt. But the boy's at that age. And he's got nothing to do all day but pick wings off flies. Couldn't hurt to get some of the poison out.
CUT TO: INT. CASTLE.
The HOUND stands in the hallway. JOFFREY enters.
JOFFREY: What are you doing here, dog?
HOUND: Your uncle left your nameday present and asked me to see that you got it.
JOFFREY: And? What is it?
HOUND: Look inside, Your Grace.
INT. JOFFREY'S CHAMBERS
JOFFREY enters his chambers to find ROS and DAISY waiting for him.
DAISY: Your Grace.
ROS: Happy nameday, Your Grace.
JOFFREY: My nameday has passed.
ROS: We won't tell if you won't.
She moves to remove Joffrey's pants. He rebuffs her.
JOFFREY: No. Her. Touch her.
ROS undresses DAISY, who stands upon a table. They both giggle, and the second prostitute begins to kiss and fondle the other's stomach. JOFFREY watches, intrigued.
JOFFREY: Could you hit her?
They giggle, and the first prostitute comes down to the floor and presents her ass. The second prostitute spanks her playfully.
JOFFREY: My uncle sent you?
DAISY: Yes, Your Grace. He chose us himself.
ROS: Hmm.
JOFFREY comes closer and presents his large belt to ROS.
JOFFREY: Use this.
ROS hesitates, but takes it. She swings firmly, and ROS reacts, surprised but still enjoying the pain.
JOFFREY: Harder.
DAISY looks worried. ROS hits her with more force, and she cries in pain. DAISY seems disgusted with herself. JOFFREY grabs her chin, roughly.
JOFFREY: I said harder. He'd want me to get his money's worth.
ROS nods meekly. JOFFREY steps away. The spanking begins agian, harder than before. DAISY screams in pain. After multiple spankings, DAISY scrambles onto the bed, crying. Joffrey presents a mace to DAISY, who takes it.
ROS: Your Grace, too much pain will spoil the pleasure.
JOFFREY cranks his crossbow. DAISY whimpers and shakes her head in fear. JOFFREY finishes setting the bow.
DAISY:  Please, Your Grace.
ROS: Your Grace, if your uncle finds out
JOFFREY: Oh, I want him to find out. You will bring her to his chambers when you're finished and show him what you've done, or the same thing will happen to you.
JOFFREY threatens her with the loaded crossbow. She pauses.
JOFFREY: Begin.
DAISY begins to cry, and then ROS commences the painful beating with the mace, and the other girl responds with screams of agony.
JOFFREY: Harder!
EXT: The Stormlands
RENLY's war camp is bustling. He walks up to LITTLEFINGER, who awaits him.
RENLY: Well, if it isn't my favorite whoremonger. Pray I haven't kept you waiting long.
LITTLEFINGER: Your Grace.
RENLY: Now you do the Lannisters' bidding, is that it? Tell me, was my brother's body even cold before you secured your newest patron?
LITTLEFINGER: I'm a practical man.
RENLY: Just not a loyal one.
LITTLEFINGER: And who would you have me be loyal to? Your brother's corpse?
RENLY: I don't like you, Lord Baelish. I don't like your face. I don't like the words that come oozing out of your mouth. I don't want you in my tent one minute more than necessary. So tell me, why are you here?
LITTLEFINGER's eyes shift to BRIENNE.
RENLY: You can trust Brienne. Her loyalty comes without charge.
LITTLEFINGER: You still have many friends at court, Your Grace, many who believe Ned Stark erred by not supporting your claim.
RENLY takes an apple and sits down.
RENLY: Now I understand. You know I have the numbers. You know I'm marching on King's Landing. When I take the throne, you hope to retain your position. And your head.
LITTLEFINGER: I would give priority to my head.
RENLY: (snorts)
LITTLEFINGER: I understand that you don't like me, and while that saddens me greatly, I did not come here today seeking your affection. When you march on King's Landing, you may find yourself facing a protracted siege or open gates.
RENLY ponders LITTLEFINGER's implications.
CUT TO: The war camp at night.
LITTLEFINGER stands my a fire, warming himself. LORAS and MARGAERY appreach. LORAS peels off into a nearby tent while MARGAERY walks past LITTLEFINGER. He follows her.
LITTLEFINGER: Your Grace.
MARGAERY: Lord Baelish.
LITTLEFINGER: All of these tents look the same to me. -Would you be so kind
MARGAERY: It would be my pleasure. It took me weeks to learn my way around the camp. Twice I walked in on officers in stages of undress. And the moment I learn which tent is mine, we're on the move again.
LITTLEFINGER: "Your tent"? Not "Our tent"? The king snores, perhaps? Or simply prefers solitude? Pressures of command, no doubt. Four kings vying for the throne.
MARGAERY: I am not tutored in warfare, but basic arithmetic favors the side with the greater numbers.
LITTLEFINGER: If war were arithmetic, the mathematicians would rule the world. I did notice your brother entering His Grace's tent just now.
MARGAERY: The place of a Kingsguard is by the king's side.
LITTLEFINGER: And on the night of your wedding, who was by the king's side then?
MARGAERY: You seem quite interested in our marriage.
LITTLEFINGER: Your marriage is quite interesting. Not only to me, but to the realm. The marriage of a wealthy girl always breeds interest, if nothing else.
MARGAERY: You've never married, have you?
LITTLEFINGER: I've been unlucky in my affections, sadly.
MARGAERY: That is sad. Though perhaps it's for the best. The whole notion of marriage seems to confuse you, so allow me to explain. My husband is my king, and my king is my husband. Here is your tent, Lord Baelish. Good night.
MARGAERY walks away and LITTLEFINGER bows in respect, then ponders.
EXT. OUTSIDE QARTH
A lone horseman, KOVARRO, rides trots through the desert towards DAENERYS, who looks lethargic and desperate.
DAENERYS: (Valerian) This isn't your horse.
KOVARRO dismounts.
KOVARRO: (Valerian) It was given to me by the Thirteen. The Elders of Qarth.
DAENERYS: (Valerian) Qarth?
KOVARRO: (Valerian) Three days to the east, on the sea.
DAENERYS: (Valerian) Will they let us in?
KOVARRO: (Valerian) They said they would be honored to receive the Mother of Dragons.
DAENERYS turns to JORAH.
DAENERYS: What do you know of this place?
JORAH: Only that the desert around their walls is called the Garden of Bones. Every time the Qartheen shut their gates on a traveler, the garden grows.
EXT. THE RIVERLANDS
ARYA, GENDRY, HOT PIE and the other Night's Watch recruits are being led towards a misted, ruined Castle. There are groans and screams of pain as the recruits walk, their hands bound.
MAN #3: Go on!
MAN #4: You, keep moving!
MAN: Bring her about!
HOT PIE: What kind of fire melts stone?
ARYA: Dragon fire.
HOT PIE: There's dragons here?
GENDRY: No, all the dragons are dead.
HOT PIE: What's that smell?
ARYA: Dead people.
SOLDIER: Move.
EXT. PRISONER ENCAMPMENT
Some prisoners are in chains. There are more screams of pain and the prisoners look dejected. Sounds of torture can be heard in the distance while ARYA, GENRY and HOT PIE listen in horror.
MAN: Please, please, no, no! No.
There is a cranking of chains, then a thud. The screaming has stopped.
WOMAN: He's dead. He was my son. My sister was three days ago. My husband, the day before that.
GENDRY: They take someone every day?
WOMAN : (nods)
ARYA: Does anyone live?
The WOMAN does not answer, and ARYA looks down, hopelessly. She and GENDRY share a glance.
EXT: PRISONER ENCAMPMENT AT NIGHT
It is nighttime and raining. ARYA lies in the mud.
ARYA: Joffrey. Cersei. llyn Payne. The Hound. Joffrey. Cersei. llyn Payne. The Hound. Joffrey. Cersei. llyn Payne. The Hound.
EXT. THE STORMLANDS
CATELYN sits in her tent. LITTLEFINGER enters, and she rises.
CATELYN: How dare you?
LITTLEFINGER: You may have heard false reports.
CATELYN: You betrayed Ned.
LITTLEFINGER: Betrayed? I wanted him to serve as Protector of the Realm. I begged him to seize the moment.
CATELYN:I trusted you. My husband trusted you. And you repaid our faith with treachery.
LITTLEFINGER: No, my lady.
CATELYN: Get out!
LITTLEFINGER: Cat, I've I've loved you since I was a boy. It seems to me that fate has given us this chance
CATELYN draws a knife, threateningly. LITTLEFINGER pauses, thinking.
CATELYN: Have you lost your mind? Get out!
LITTLEFINGER: Do you want to see your girls again? Sansa, more beautiful than ever? And Arya, just as wild as ever?
CATELYN: You have Arya, too?
LITTLEFINGER: Both girls are healthy and safe. For now. But you know the Queen and you know Joffrey. I fear for their longevity if they remain in the capital.
CATELYN ponders, then lowers the knife and places it down.
CATELYN: What do you want?
LITTLEFINGER: The Lannisters will trade your daughters for the Kingslayer.
CATELYN: Of course they will. Jaime Lannister for two girls? Robb will never agree to those terms.
LITTLEFINGER: I'm not bringing these terms to him. I'm bringing them to you.
CATELYN: You think I keep secrets from my son?
LITTLEFINGER: Robb has surprised them all with his skills in battle, but he's not a mother. Consider it, Cat. You may not get another chance. I've brought you a gift.
CATELYN: I don't want your gifts. A token of Tyrion Lannister's goodwill. He wants you to understand that this exchange of prisoners is offered in good faith.
Two servants enter and place down something heavy.
CATELYN: Good faith?
The servants bow and leave. CATELYN looks ashenly at LITTLEFINGER as she comes to realize what is in the chest before her.
CATELYN: What's this?
CATELYN kneels slowly over the chest and opens it. She looks down, sadly.
LITTLEFINGER: Your husband was an honorable man. He should rest beside his family in the crypts beneath Winterfell. You may not believe
CATELYN: Get out.
Speechless, LITTLEFINGER leaves. CATELYN begins to cry. She slams the chest closed.
EXT: RIVERLANDS PRISONER ENCAMPMENT
ARYA sleeps on the cold, wet ground. Soldiers wake up the prisoners with banging and shouting.
MAN: Get up, you dogs!
The recruits stand up as the soldiers move through the camp. The MOUNTAIN strides into camp.
HOT PIE: That's him, the one who picks.
ARYA: The Mountain. What are you doing?
HOT PIE: He told me he stares at him every day. That's why he doesn't get picked.
The MOUNTAIN looks over the crowd. Most people look down, but HOT PIE meets his gaze, as does another PRISONER. The MOUNTAIN picks that PRISONER.
MOUNTAIN: You.
SOLDIER: Move, boy! Move!
HOT PIE is shocked and pisses himself for having listened to the other man.
EXT. TORTURE AREA
The PRISONER is strapped into a chair, his neck and extremities bound. Panic fills his eyes as they tighten the straps and the TICKLER begins his inquisition.
TICKLER: Is there gold and silver in the village?
PRISONER: I don't know.
TICKLER: Gems?
PRISONER: I didn't see any.
TICKLER: Where is the Brotherhood?
PRISONER: I don't know.
The TICKLER gives permission to begin the torture. A SOLDIER pulls out a squealing rat and places it into a bucket. The PRISONER's panic rises.
TICKLER: Where is the Brotherhood?
PRISONER: I don't know. Please.
TICKLER: Where is the Brotherhood?
PRISONER: I don't know.
The SOLDIER attaches the bucket to the PRISONER's chest.
TICKLER: Which of the villagers aided them?
PRISONER:I don't know.
TICKLER: Who?
PRISONER: I -
The TICKLER nods to the SOLDIER, who pulls a flaming torch out of the fire.
TICKLER: Who?
PRISONER: I never saw. Please. Please, stop. Please, it's starting to
The rat start to chew on the PRISONER's chest. His eyes widen in pain and panic.
TICKLER:  Who?
PRISONER: I didn't see anyone help him. Take it off! Take it off!
TICKLER: Who helped him?
TICKLER:  That's better.  You've been very helpful.
PRISONER: No, stop, please! What are you doing? Please, stop! Please, stop!
The SOLDIER holds the flame to the bucket, and the rat trapped inside shrieks in constant fear.
PRISONER: No! No! I told you everything! No! No!
The TICKLER looks on without pity.
INT. PRISONER ENCAMPMENT
ARYA lies in the dark as rain falls.
ARYA: Joffrey. Cersei. llyn Payne. The Hound.
WOMAN: Please, Polliver. Some food. Just a crust of bread.
POLIVER punches the WOMAN and she collapses, crying. He then continues walking.
ARYA: Polliver. The Mountain.
EXT. STORMLANDS
RENLY's bannermen sit astride their horses on a cliffside, next to the sea. A strong wind blows. The camera zooms in to show a meeting of the Baratheon Brothers: RENLY, CATELYN, LORAS and BRIENNE facing STANNIS, DAVOS and MELISANDRE
STANNIS: Lady Stark, I had not thought to find you in the Stormlands.
CATELYN: I had not thought to be here, Lord Stannis.
RENLY: Can that truly be you?
STANNIS: Who else might it be?
RENLY: When I saw your standard, I couldn't be sure. Whose banner is that?
STANNIS: My own.
RENLY: I suppose if we used the same one, the battle would be terribly confusing. Why is your stag on fire?
MELISANDRE: The king has taken for his sigil the fiery heart of the Lord of Light.
RENLY: Ah, you must be this fire priestess we hear so much about. Mmm, brother, now I understand why you found religion in your old age.
STANNIS: Watch yourself, Renly.
RENLY: No, no, I'm relieved. I never really believed you were a fanatic. Charmless, rigid, a bore, yes, but not a godly man.
MELISANDRE: You should kneel before your brother. He's the Lord's chosen, born amidst salt and smoke.
STANNIS: That's twice I've warned you.
CATELYN: Listen to yourselves. If you were sons of mine, I would knock your heads together and lock you in a bedchamber until you remembered that you were brothers.
STANNIS: It is strange to find you beside my brother, Lady Stark. Your husband was a supporter of my claim. Lord Eddard's integrity cost him his head. And you sit beside this pretender and chastise me.
CATELYN: We share a common enemy.
STANNIS: The Iron Throne is mine by right. All those that deny that are my foes.
RENLY: The whole realm denies it, from Dorne to the Wall. Old men deny it with their death rattle and unborn children deny it in their mother's wombs. No one wants you for their king. You never wanted any friends, brother. But a man without friends is a man without power.
STANNIS: For the sake of the mother who bore us, I will give you this one night to reconsider. Strike your banners, come to me before dawn, and I will grant you your old seat in the Council. I'll even name you my heir until a son is born to me. Otherwise I shall destroy you.
RENLY quickly considers the offer.
RENLY: Look across those fields, brother. Can you see all those banners?
STANNIS: You think a few bolts of cloth will make you king?
RENLY: No. The men holding those bolts of cloth will make me king.
STANNIS: We shall see, Renly. Come the dawn, we shall see.
MELISANDRE: Look to your sins, Lord Renly. The night is dark and full of terrors.
STANNIS and his party ride off.
RENLY: Would you believe I loved him once?
RENLY spurs his mount and his party heads in the opposite direction.
EXT. THE GATES OF QARTH
DAENERYS and her Dothraki sit outside the gates of Qarth. The gates are closed.
DAENERYS: I thought we were welcome.
JORAH: If you heard a Dothraki horde was approaching your city, you might do the same, Khaleesi.
DAENERYS: Horde?
QARTH soldiers line up outside the gate, at attention. A group of thirteen emissaries from the city walk forward from the gates. A plump SPICE KING leads the group.
DAENERYS: My name is Daenerys
SPICE KING: Daenerys Stormborn of the house Targaryen.
DAENERYS: You know me, my lord?
SPICE KING: Only by reputation, Khaleesi. And I'm no lord, merely a humble merchant. They call you the Mother of Dragons.
DAENERYS: And what should I call you?
SPICE KING: Oh, my name is quite long and quite impossible for foreigners to pronounce. I am simply a trader of spices. But we are the Thirteen, charged with the governance and protection of Qarth, the greatest city that ever was or will be.
DAENERYS:  The beauty of Quarth is legendary
SPICE KING Qarth.
DAENERYS:  Qarth.
SPICE KING: Might we see the dragons?
DAENERYS looks back to the woven chest that holds the dragons on top of one of their horses. She is nervous, and a bit desperate.
DAENERYS: My friend, we have traveled very far. We have no food, no water. Once I see my people fed, I would be honored
SPICE KING: Forgive me, Mother of Dragons, but no man alive has seen a living dragon. Some of my more skeptical friends refuse to believe your children even exist. All we ask is the chance to see for ourselves.
DAENERYS:  I am not a liar.
SPICE KING: Oh, I don't think you are. But as I've never met you before, my opinion on the matter is of limited value.
DAENERYS: Where I come from, guests are treated with respect, not insulted at the gates.
SPICE KING: Then perhaps you should return to where you come from. We wish you well.
The SPICE KING turns and walks away. DAENERYS steps follows with indignation, and he turns back around.
DAENERYS: What are you doing? You promised to receive me.
SPICE KING: We have received you. Here we are, and here you are.
DAENERYS:  If you do not let us in, all of us will die.
SPICE KING: Which we shall deeply regret. But Qarth did not become the greatest city that ever was or will be by letting Dothraki savages through its gates.
The SPICE KING continues to the thirteen, and they begin their walk back into Qarth.
JORAH: Khaleesi, please be careful.
DAENERYS finds her resolve and steps forward. The soldiers react by leaning their spears forward in unison, clearly a warning.
DAENERYS: Thirteen! When my dragons are grown, we will take back what was stolen from me and destroy those who have wronged me. We will lay waste to armies and burn cities to the ground. Turn us away and we will burn you first.
The SPICE KING steps forward from the thirteen.
SPICE KING:  Ah. You are a true Targaryen. Only, as you said a moment ago, if we don't let you into the city, you will all die. And so
XARO XHOAN DAXOS steps out from the back of the Thirteen.
XARO: Retreating in fear from a little girl is unbecoming of the greatest city that ever was or will be.
SPICE KING: The discussion is over, Xaro Xhoan Daxos. The Thirteen have spoken.
XARO: I am one of the Thirteen, and I am still speaking.
SPICE KING:  The girl threatens to burn our city to the ground and you would invite her in for a cup of wine?  She is the Mother of Dragons.
XARO: Do you expect her to watch her people starve without breathing fire? I believe we can allow a few Dothraki through our gates without dooming our city. After all, here I am, a savage from the Summer Isles, and Qarth still stands.
DAENERYS recognizes that XARO is a potential ally, but the SPICE KING remains resolute.
SPICE KING:  Our decision is final.
XARO: Very well. I invoke soumai.
The Thirteen react, looking between themselves. XARO draws his dagger, pointing downward and grabs the blade with his left hand. DAENERYS looks to JORAH for council.
XARO: I will vouch for her, her people, and her dragons, in accordance with the law.
XARO pulls the dagger up, slicing his palm deeply. He displays the wound to the Thirteen.
SPICE KING: Be it on your head.
XARO: Welcome to Qarth, my lady.
The SPICE KING rejoins the Thirteen in frustration. XARO gestures a welcome to DAENERYS, and the gates open, noisily. DAENERYS and JORAH share a glance before the Dothraki band walk through the city gates. XARO joins her side.
EXT. THE RIVERLANDS
EXT. A COURTYARD
A soldier mounts the head of the tortured PRISONER on a spike and decends a ladder.  The night's watch recruits are still captive in the ruined building. They hand their heads in subjugation, trying not to be noticed.
MOUNTAIN: (to Gendry) You.
GRENDRY and ARYA look at one another in panic. Soldiers grab GENDRY, and he is bound in the torture chair.
TICKLER: Is there gold or silver in the village?
GENDRY: I'm not from the village.
TICKLER: Where is the Brotherhood?
The TICKLER sits, facing GENDRY while his SOLDIER stands menacingly at his side.
GENDRY: I don't know what that is.
ARYA stares. The TICKLER nods to his helper to take action. The camera pans across the sullen crowd, including ARYA and HOT PIE. The  SOLDIER places a rat in a bucket and straps it to GENDRY'S chest.
CUT TO: ANOTHER COURTYARD IN THE RUINED CASTLE
TYWIN rides in, astride a white horse and flanked by gold coats. He looks around in disappointment. He is greeted by the MOUNTAIN.
MAN: You two. Take Lord Lannister's things to his quarters.
TYWIN: What's this?
TYWIN dismounts while a soldiers takes the reigns of his horse. He then walks forward, inspecting the prisoners and their condition.
MOUNTAIN: We weren't expecting you till tomorrow, Lord Tywin.
TYWIN: Evidently not. Why are these prisoners not in their cells?
MOUNTAIN: Cells are overflowing, my lord.
POLLIVER: This lot won't be here long. Don't need no permanent place. After we interrogate 'em, we usually just
TYWIN: Are we so well-manned that we can afford to discard able young bodies and skilled laborers?
He gets no response. TYWIN continues to inspect the prisoners, and addresses GENDRY.
TYWIN: You, do you have a trade?
ARYA sits, expressionless, trying not to be noticed.
GENDRY: Smith, my lord.
POLLIVER notices ARYA's attention, and feels slighted. He draws his sword to threaten her.
POLLIVER: What are you looking at? Kneel! Kneel or I'll carve your lungs out, boy.
ARYA backs away, and TYWIN intervenes.
TYWIN: He'll do no such thing. This one's a girl, you idiot, dressed as a boy. Why?
ARYA: Safer to travel, my lord.
TYWIN: Smart. More than I can say for this lot. Get these prisoners to work. Bring the girl. I need a new cupbearer.
MOUNTAIN: My lord.
EXT.KING'S LANDING
INT. HALLWAY OUTSIDE TYRION'S CHAMBERS.
TYRION answers the knocking on his door to find LANCEL LANNISTER.
TYRION: Your visits are too few, cousin.
LANCEL: Her Grace, the Queen Regent, commands you to release Grand Maester Pycelle. Here's your warrant.
LANCEL extends a scroll to TYRION, who takes it, unimpressed.
TYRION:  So it is. Will you take a cup with me? I find that mulled wine helps me sleep.
TYRION steps into his chamber and pours himself a cup of wine.
LANCEL: I am here at Her Grace's behest, not to drink with you, Imp.
TYRION: If my sister was so concerned for Pycelle, I would have thought she'd come herself.
Instead she sends you. What am I to make of that?
LANCEL: I don't care what you make of it, so long as you release your prisoner immediately.
LANCEL moves to leave, but TYRION does not let him.
TYRION: And you've received these instructions directly from Cersei?
LANCEL: As I said several times.
TYRION: And you've waited this long to deliver the information?
LANCEL: When the Queen Regent gives me a command, I carry it out without delay.
TYRION ponders the scroll, while LANCEL stands over his desk, annoyed.
TYRION: Cersei must have great trust in you, allowing you into her chamber during the hour of the wolf.
LANCEL thinks carefully before responding.
LANCEL: The Queen Regent has a great many responsibilities. She often works from dusk till dawn.
TYRION: She must be very glad to have you helping her from dusk till dawn.
As TYRION walks past LANCEL, he catches a familiar aroma.
TYRION:  Ah. Lavender oil. She always loved lavender oil, even as a girl.
LANCEL: I am a knight!
TYRION: An anointed knight, yes. Tell me, did Cersei have you knighted before or after she took you into her bed? What? Nothing to say? No more warnings for me, ser?
LANCEL: You will withdraw these filthy accusations.
TYRION: Have you ever given any thought to what King Joffrey will have to say when he finds out you've been bedding his mother?
LANCEL sits, and chokes out some frustration.
LANCEL: It's not my fault!
TYRION: Did she take you against your will? Can you not defend yourself, knight?
LANCEL: Your own father, Lord Tywin, when I was named the King's squire, he told me to obey her in everything.
TYRION: Did he tell you to fuck her, too?
LANCEL: I only meant I did as I was bid.
TYRION: Hated every moment of it, is that what you'll have me believe? A high place in court, a knighthood, my sister's legs spreading open for you at night. Oh, yes, it must have been terrible. Wait here. His Grace will want to hear this.
TYRION moves to leave the chamber to fetch JOFFREY. LANCEL falls to his knees and begs.
LANCEL: Mercy! Mercy, my lord! I beg you.
TYRION:  Save it for Joffrey. He loves a good grovel.
LANCEL: My lord, it was your sister's bidding, the Queen. I'll leave the city at once, I swear.
TYRION: No, I think not.
LANCEL: My lord?
TYRION: You heard me. My father told you to obey my sister. Obey her. Stay close to her side. Keep her trust. Pleasure her whenever she requires. No one ever need know, as long as you keep faith with me. I want to know what Cersei is doing, where she goes, who she sees, what they talk of, everything. And you will tell me.
LANCEL: Yes, my lord, I will. I swear it, as you command.
TYRION claps in celebration.
TYRION: Oh, rise, rise. Let us drink to our understanding. Oh, you don't have a cup. Oh, well. Smile, cousin. My sister is a beautiful woman, and it's all for the good of the realm. Go back and tell her that I beg her forgiveness, that I want no more conflict between us and that, henceforth, I shall do nothing without her consent.
LANCEL: But her demands?
TYRION: Oh, I'll give her Pycelle.
LANCEL: You will?
TYRION: Yes, I'll release him in the morning. Cersei can keep him as a pet, if she wants, but I will not have him on the Council. I could swear that I had not harmed a single hair on his head, but that would not, strictly speaking, be true. Stay within one table length.
TYRION shuts the chamber door. LANCEL leans against the wall, feeling beaten.
EXT. THE STORMLANDS SEA AT NIGHT
A boat with a stag figurehead rocks on the calm seas. DAVOS approaches STANNIS on the deck.
DAVOS: Your Grace.
STANNIS: Do your knucklebones bring you luck?
DAVOS: Well, life's been good since you hacked them off, Your Grace. And it's four less fingernails to clean.
STANNIS: Fewer.
DAVOS: Pardon?
STANNIS: Four fewer fingernails to clean. Never understood why you had to wear them.
DAVOS: It reminds me of where I come from and where I am now. It reminds me of your justice. It was an honest punishment and you were good with the cleaver.
STANNIS: You were a hero and a smuggler. A good act does not wash out the bad, nor a bad the good.
DAVOS: A lesson I've tried to teach my son.
STANNIS: Does he listen?
DAVOS: To me? Gods, no. But if your red woman told him to leap from the crow's nest
STANNIS: She has a name. I trust you've not forgotten your smuggler's tricks.
DAVOS: I've lived within the law for 17
STANNIS: I want you to be a smuggler this time.
DAVOS: Any shore, any night. What am I bringing ashore?
STANNIS: The red woman. No one must know what you do and we'll not speak of this again.
DAVOS: I am true to Your Grace and always will be, but surely there are other ways, cleaner ways.
STANNIS: Cleaner ways don't win wars.
DAVOS nods and walks away. STANNIS stares into the distance.
EXT. THE SHORELINE
DAVOS rows a boat into the shallows. MELISANDRE sits patiently.
MELISANDRE: Are you afraid, Onion Knight?
DAVOS: Someone once told me the night is dark and full of terrors.
MELISANDRE:  You've carried more unpleasant cargo in your time. Are you a good man, Ser Davos Seaworth?
DAVOS: I'd say my parts are mixed, my lady, good and bad.
MELISANDRE:  If half an onion is black with rot, it's a rotten onion. A man is good or he is evil.
DAVOS: And which are you?
MELISANDRE: Oh, good. I'm a knight myself, of sorts, a champion of light and life.
DAVOS: Well, that must be very nice for you.
DAVOS stows the oars and enters the water to lead the boat to shore. He pulls it onto the shore.
MELISANDRE: Do you love your wife?
DAVOS: I do.
MELISANDRE:  Yet you have known other women.
DAVOS: Don't talk about my wife.
DAVOS secures the boat on the shore.
MELISANDRE:  I'm not. I'm talking about other women. Like me, Ser Davos. You want me. You want to see what's beneath this robe.
DAVOS does not respond.
MELISANDRE:  And you will.
MELISANDRE turns to grab something from the boat.
INT. A CAVE
DAVOS leads MELISANDRE through the cave, bearing a lantern.
DAVOS: Strange that this Lord of Light asks you to work in the shadows.
MELISANDRE: Shadows cannot live in the dark, Ser Davos. They are servants of light, the children of fire. And the brighter the flame, the darker they are.
DAVOS holds up the lantern to bars that obstruct their way.
DAVOS: These weren't here before. They've barred the passage.
MELISANDRE: They can't bar our passage.
MELISANDRE has disrobed, arms outstretched, revealing a swollen, fully pregnant belly. DAVOS is shocked at this sudden change.
DAVOS: Gods protect us.
MELISANDRE: There's only one god, Ser Davos, and he only protects those who serve him.
The lantern flares suddenly, surprising DAVOS, who retreats. MELISANDRE sits down behind him, and assumes a birthing position. She moans in pain as she gives birth. DAVOS watches in apprehension. MELISANDRE screams, and a foul spirit crawls from between her legs. It gathers strength and roars as it expands and takes to the air.
EXT. SHADOWLANDS
RENLY's encampment at night. The camp is alive with activity, in spite of the late hour. Soldiers move in every direction
INT. RENLY's tent. RENLY and CATELYN are seated across from one another while BRIENNE stands at guard.
RENLY: You swear it?
CATELYN: By the mother. My son has no interest in the Iron Throne.
RENLY takes a long sip of wine.
RENLY: Then I see no reason for hostility between us. Your soncan go on calling himself King in the North. The Starks will have dominion over all lands north of Moat Cailin, provided he swears me an oath of fealty.
CATELYN: And the wording of this oath?
RENLY: The same Ned Stark swore to Robert 18 years ago. Cat, their friendship held the kingdoms together.
CATELYN considers these terms.
CATELYN: And in return for my son's loyalty?
RENLY: In the morning, I'll destroy my brother's army.
RENLY stands.
RENLY:  When that's done, Baratheon and Stark will fight their common enemy together, as they have done many times before.
RENLY walks across the tent. BRIENNE removes his cloak.
CATELYN: Our two houses have always been close, which is why I am begging you to reconsider this battle. Negotiate a peace with your brother.
RENLY: Negotiate with Stannis? You heard him out there. I'd have better luck debating the wind.
BRIENNE continues to remove RENLY's armor.
RENLY: Please bring my terms to your son. I believe we are natural allies. I hope he feels the same. Together we could end this war in a fortnight.
The wind howls, and a dark cloud of mist races into the tent. CATELYN watches it cross the floor. BRIENNE gasps as a dark spirit takes form from the mist, rising up behind RENLY. The dark spirit stabs RENLY in the back, through the heart. RENLY gasps and the spirit hisses.
BRIENNE: No! No.
The dark spirit dissipates into a wind, and RENLY collapses to the ground. BRIENNE lungers forward to catch him, and bring him gently to the ground. Two soldiers leap into the room and draw their swords, believing BRIENNE to have betrayed their king.
SOLDIER #1: Follow me!
SOLDIER #2: (to BRIENNE) You'll die for this.
CATELYN: No, wait, it wasn't her!
The soliders rush past CATELYN to engage with BRIENNE, who meets them in battle. She quickly dispatches one of the soldiers. The second soldiers falls soon after, with BRIENNE plunging her sword down his spine. CATELYN stares while BRIENNE looks upon RENLY's corpse. She staggers and falls to her knees, sobbing over his lifeless body. CATELYN comes beside her to comfort her.
CATELYN: We've got to leave. They'll hang you for this.
MAN #2: Now.
BRIENNE: I won't leave him.
CATELYN: You can't avenge him if you're dead.
MAN: Over there, go!
BRIENNE gets up to leave. CATELYN tries to pull her to the front door. BRIENNE resists.
BRIENNE: Not that way.
BRIENNE exits past a tapestery. CATELYN follows.
CUT TO: THE SHADOWLANDS SHORE
STANNIS's boats sit off the coast. LITTLEFINGER takes them in, then walks towards the camp as soldiers rush by in disorder.
INT. RENLY's tent
Loras mournfully kneels beside RENLY's body. MARGAERY paces in the background.
MARGAERY: We need to go home. Loras.
LITTLEFINGER enters the tent, just short of a panic.
LITTLEFINGER: My lord, my lady.
LORAS: Get out.
LITTLEFINGER: Stannis will be here in an hour. When he arrives, Renly's bannermen will flock to him. Your former companions will fight for the privilege of selling you to their new king.
LORAS: And you want that privilege for yourself.
LITTLEFINGER: You will note that I am standing here talking to you, not Stannis.
MARGAERY: There's no time for this.
LORAS: Ride back to Highgarden, sister. I'm not running from Stannis.
MARGAERY: Brienne of Tarth murdered Renly.
LORAS: I don't believe that. You don't believe that. Who gained the most from our king's death?
LITTLEFINGER: Stannis.
LORAS: I will put a sword through his righteous face.
MARGAERY: You can't stay here.
LORAS: He would have been a true king, a good king.
LITTLEFINGER: Tell me, Ser Loras, what do you desire most in this world?
LORAS: Revenge.
LITTLEFINGER: I have always found that to be the purest of motivations, but you won't have a chance to put your sword through Stannis, not today. You'll be cut to pieces before he sets foot on solid ground. If it is justice that you want, be smart about it.
MARGAERY: You can't avenge him from the grave. Bring the horses. Please.
MARGAERY moves to LORAS's side and caresses his hair. LORAS stands with a grimace. He picks up his sword and leaves. MARGAERY looks upon RENLY's corpse
MARGAERY: He was very handsome.
LITTLEFINGER: He was, Your Grace.
MARGAERY: "Your Grace." Calling yourself king doesn't make you one. And if Renly wasn't a king, I wasn't a queen.
LITTLEFINGER: Do you want to be a queen?
MARGAERY: No. I want to be the queen.
MARGAERY turns and faces LITTLEFINGER, resolute.
EXT. KING'S LANDING
Three noble girls play blind man's bluff in a garden while a septa stands by. CERSEI watches from a window above
INT. TYRION's chambers
CERSEI: Killed? By whom?
TYRION: Accounts differ. Most seem to implicate Catelyn Stark in some way.
TYRION picks up a goblet
CERSEI: Really? Who'd have thought?
TYRION: Some say it was one of his own Kingsguard, while still others say it was Stannis himself who did it after negotiations went sour.
TYRION pours himself some wine.
CERSEI: Whomever did it, I say well done.
TYRION: It's not what Varys says. He says Renly's army is flocking to support Stannis, which would give Stannis superiority over us on both land and sea.
CERSEI finishes pouring her own wine.
CERSEI: Littlefinger says we can outspend him three to one.
TYRION: And I say Father raised you to have too much respect for money. Stannis Baratheon is coming for us, sooner rather than later.
CERSEI: Aren't there other things you should be doing, like sealing my daughter in a crate so you can ship her away?
TYRION: She'll be safer in Dorne.
CERSEI: Yes, I know how concerned you are for her safety.
TYRION: It so happens that I am. Myrcella is a sweet, innocent girl and I don't blame her at all for you.
CERSEI: So clever. Aren't you always so clever with your schemes and your plots?
CERSEI walks past TYRION and sits.
TYRION: Schemes and plots are the same thing. They are going to attack us. We need to be ready.
CERSEI: No need to concern yourself over it. The king is taking personal charge of siege preparations.
TYRION: May I ask specifically what the king has in mind?
CERSEI: You may, specifically, or you may ask vaguely. The answer will be the same.
TYRION: It's important that we talk about this.
CERSEI: It's the king's royal prerogative to withhold sensitive information from his councilors.
TYRION exits in frustration, while CERSEI takes a sip, enjoying the upper hand.
EXT. STREETS OF KING'S LANDING
BRONN stands waiting among the bustling cityfolk next to a small tent, where TYRION and LANCEL meet in secret.
LANCEL: It's wildfire.
TYRION: Wildfire? You wouldn't lie to me, would you, cousin?
LANCEL: No.
TYRION:That's a lie right there.
LANCEL: It is not a lie. Why would I lie?
TYRION: Tell me, if the vile allegations against my brother and sister are true, do you think it will make Jaime more likely to kill you or less likely? When I tell him you're fucking her, I mean.
LANCEL: I'm telling you the truth.
TYRION: The smart money would be on more likely.
LANCEL: She's making wildfire.
TYRION: But then perhaps his own unnatural urges will give him sympathy for yours.
LANCEL: The Alchemists' Guild is being commissioned.
TYRION: I suppose there's only one way to find out.
LANCEL: They have thousands of pots already stored in their vaults. They are planning to launch it from the city walls into Stannis' ships and armies. Please.
TYRION: When did she tell you this?
LANCEL: I heard her talking with the pyromancer And the other night, after I left her, she went to meet him. I swear to you.
TYRION: Swear to me on what?
LANCEL: On my life.
TYRION: But I don't care about your life.
LANCEL: In the light of the Seven, by all that is holy and right, I, Lancel Lannister, do solemnly vow . . .
TYRION: All right, all right. Enough. Even torturing you is boring. Just get out.
TYRION pushes LANCEL out of the small tent. LANCEL falls to the ground, grunting.
TYRION: Oh, Lancel, tell my friend Bronn to please kill you if anything should happen to me.
LANCEL: Please kill me if anything should happen to Lord Tyrion.
BRONN: It will be my pleasure.
LANCEL runs off down the streets. BRONN smiles.
CUT TO: STORMLANDS
STANNIS's forces have landed at RENLY's camp. DAVOS meets STANNIS as he enters the main courtyard, and they move through the compound at rapid pace.
DAVOS: Your Grace.
STANNIS: What is it?
DAVOS: I'm sorry about your brother, Your Grace, I wanted to let you know that people grieve for him.
STANNIS: Fools love a fool. I grieve for him as well, for the boy he was, not the man he grew to be.
STANNIS: I thought I made it clear to you there'd be no need to speak to me on this matter.
DAVOS: Your Grace, I --
STANNIS: I've never known you to need to hear a thing twice.
They reach RENLY's tent.
DAVOS: And I've never known you to hide from the truth.
STANNIS: You've come to lecture me on truth?
DAVOS: I've come to tell you that what I saw.
STANNIS: All my brother's bannermen have come to my side. Except the Tyrells, who fled like cowards. They won't be able to resist us now. Soon I shall be sitting on the Iron Throne.
DAVOS: Nothing is worth what this will cost you, not even the Iron
STANNIS: I'll hear no more about it.
STANNIS stands over the war map.
MAN: Take a company of men, secure the perimeter.
DAVOS: When do we sail for King's Landing?
STANNIS: As soon as I've consolidated my troops. We'll make short work of the Lannisters' fleet. Once Blackwater Bay is cleared, we'll deliver our troops to their doorstep and take the city.
DAVOS: And will you bring Lady Melisandre with you?
STANNIS: That's not your concern.
DAVOS: If you take King's Landing with her by your side, the victory will be hers.
STANNIS: I never thought I'd have reason to doubt your loyalty. Was I wrong?
DAVOS: Loyal service means telling hard truths.
STANNIS: Oh, truth again. All right, what's the truth? The hard truth?
DAVOS: She's a foreigner preaching her foreign religion. Some believe she whispers orders in your ear and you obey.
STANNIS: What do you believe?
DAVOS: You won those bannermen from Renly. Don't lose them to her.
STANNIS: We set out for King's Landing without Lady Melisandre. And you lead the fleet into Blackwater Bay.
DAVOS: Your Grace, I'm honored, but my time on the sea was spent evading ships, not attacking them. The other lords won't be happy.
STANNIS: Most of those lords should consider themselves lucky I don't hang them for treason. Hard truths cut both ways, Ser Davos.
DAVOS exits.
EXT. KINGS LANDING
A bustling market street. A girl grabs a fish from a bucket.
GIRL: I've got it! I've got it!
MAN: So it's that one there at the top, on the right.
MAN #2: Buy my fruit, my lord. Fresh fruit.
The lord is revealed to be TYRION, with BRONN walking behind him.
TYRION: Stannis has more infantry, more ships, more horses. What do we have?
BRONN: There's that mind of yours you keep going on about.
TYRION: Well, I've never actually been able to kill people with it.
BRONN: Good thing. I'd be out of a job. What about your father?
TYRION: He hasn't sent a raven in weeks. He's very busy. Being repeatedly humiliated by Robb Stark is time-consuming. We won't be able to hold the city against Stannis, not the way Joffrey's planning on holding it.
They come upon a crowd listening to a rabblerouser.
PROTESTER: Corruption.
CROWD: Yes!
PROTESTER: We are swollen, bloated, foul. Brother fornicates with sister in the bed of kings and we're surprised when the fruit of their incest is rotten? Yes, a rotten king.
TYRION: It's hard to argue with his assessment.
BRONN: Not after what he did to your birthday present.
TYRION: The king is a lost cause. It's the rest of us I'm worried about now.
MAN: A dancing king, prancing down his bloodstained halls to the tune of a twisted demon monkey.
TYRION: You have to admire his imagination.
BRONN: He's talking about you.
TYRION: What? Demon monkey?
BRONN: People think you're pulling the king's strings. They blame you for the city's ills.
TYRION: Blame me? I'm trying to save them.
BRONN: You don't need to convince me.
TYRION: Demon monkey.
CUT TO: IRON ISLANDS
THEON, walks up from a dock., in armor It is morning. He gazes on a ship and smiles. The crew walks up noisily.
MAN: Yeah, come on.
THEON: You're the crew of the Sea Bitch? I'm your commander. Welcome.
The crew ignores THEON.
THEON: Stop. Stop! Your captain commands you to stop!
BLACK LORREN: Where are we headed, Captain?
THEON: The Stony Shore, to raid their villages. There'll be spoils in it for you, and women, if you do your jobs well.
BLACK LORREN: And who decides if we've done our jobs well?
THEON: I do. Your captain.
BLACK LORREN stands directly in front of THEON, challenging him.
BLACK LORREN: I have been reaving and raping since before you left Balon's balls, Captain Don't reckon I've got much use for your ideas on how to do it. Don't reckon I've got much use for a captain at all. I'm thinking I can do the job of captain real well myself. All I need is a ship. You wouldn't know where I could find myself a ship now, would you?
BLACK LORREN walks away down the steps to the dock.
THEON: You could do that, take the ship, head out on your own. And I will hunt you down, drag you back here in chains and hang you for a traitor.
BLACK LORREN: (laughs)
YARA enters.
YARA: Stop. We yield.
The iron born laugh
YARA: Congratulations on your first command.
THEON: Thank you. Kind of you to come see me off.
YARA: Oh, I'm not here for you. I was just on my way to Red Harbor. I've got 30 ships. There's nowhere to put them here. Too narrow.
THEON: You'd better get out there. Wouldn't want her to set sail without you.
YARA: That would never happen. My crew would wait on deck for a year if I asked them to. This lot, though Enjoy the Stony Shore.
THEON's crew pushes off from the dock. They row away without him, laughing. DAGMER enters.
DAGMER: Come on, I'll take you out.
THEON: Who are you?
DAGMER: Dagmer, your first mate.
THEON: Why aren't you with the rest of them? Or did they send you to row me out and dump me halfway in the sea? That would be good for a laugh.
DAGMER: They're not gonna respect you until you prove yourself.
THEON: And how am I supposed to prove myself by pillaging piss-poor fishing villages?
DAGMER: You're not.
THEON: And yet that's the task my father has given me to prove that I'm a true Iron Islander.
DAGMER: They're all Iron Islanders. Do they do as they're told or do they do as they like?
THEON follows DAGMER onto a dock, where he attends to a boat.
THEON: The Stony Shore's not far from Torrhen's Square.
THEON:  No, we could. We could never hold it for more than a few days. As soon as Winterfell got word that we'd taken Torrhen's Square, the Starks would send their men to take it back. And then
THEON pauses and the idea of how to take advantage of the betrayal comes to full. He laughs, and DAGMER smiles back.
THEON: Take me to my ship.
CUT TO: THE RIVERLANDS
INT. A CASTLE
While ARYA prepares food, TYRION presides over his war council.
REGINALD: The Starks have overextended their lines. Now that summer's over, they'll have a hard time keeping their men and horses fed.
TYWIN: The Starks understand winter better than we ever will. The cold won't beat them.
AMORY: Our spies report growing discontent among the Northern lords. They want to return home and gather the harvest before the crops turn.
TYWIN: And I'm sure if those same spies snuck into our own encampments, they would report growing discontent amongst the Southern lords. This is war, no one's content. We've underestimated the Stark boy for too long. He has a good mind for warfare, his men worship him. And as long as he keeps winning battles, they'll keep believing he is King in the North. You've been waiting for him to fail. He is not going to fail, not without our help. So how do we stop him?
REGINALD: We've worked through the night, my lord. Perhaps we'd profit from some sleep.
TYWIN: Yes, I think you would, Reginald. And because you're my cousin, I might even let you wake from that sleep. Go, I'm sure your wife must miss you.
REGINALD: My wife's in Lannisport.
TYWIN: Well, then you'd better start riding. Go, before I change my mind and send her your head.
REGINALD  rises, in scared disbelief.
TYWIN: If your name wasn't Lannister, you'd be scrubbing out pots in the cook's tent. Go!
REGINALD  exits. ARYA comes to TYWIN's side to pour him some wine. He stops her.
TYWIN: Not wine, water. We'll be here for some time. Girl, where are you from?
ARYA: Maidenpool, my lord.
TYWIN: And who are the Lords of Maidenpool? Remind me.
ARYA: House Mooton, my lord.
TYWIN: And what is their sigil?
ARYA does not answer, she does not know.
TYWIN: A red salmon. I think a Maidenpool girl would remember that. You're a Northerner, aren't you?
ARYA: (nods.)
TYWIN: Good. One more time, where are you from?
ARYA: Barrowton, my lord. House Dustin. Two crossed longaxes beneath a black crown.
TYWIN: And what do they say of Robb Stark in the North?
ARYA: They call him the Young Wolf.
TYWIN: And?
ARYA: They say he rides into battle on the back of a giant direwolf. They say he can turn into a wolf himself when he wants. They say he can't be killed.
TYWIN: And do you believe them?
ARYA: No, my lord. Anyone can be killed.
They stare at one another, unblinking.
TYWIN: Fetch that water.
ARYA exits.
EXT. The exterior of the castle.
Arya walks to fetch water. She turns a corner and sees JAQEN coming towards her, dressed as a gold cloak. She lowers her head, trying to be unnoticed. They pass, and she continues. She enters the catacombs and passes a helmet. She realizes that JAQEN has forgotten it, and that he might return. Indeed, JAQEN turns the corner, walking slowly.
JAQEN: A girl says nothing.
ARYA: (gasps)
JAQEN: A girl keeps her mouth closed. No one hears, and friends may talk in secret, yes? A boy becomes a girl.
ARYA: I was always a girl.
JAQEN: And I was always aware. But the girl keeps secrets. It is not for a man to spoil them.
ARYA: You're one of them now. I should have let you burn.
ARYA picks up the helmet and thrusts it into JAQEN's hands.
JAQEN: And you fetch water for one of them now. Why is this right for you and wrong for me?
ARYA:  I didn't have a choice.
JAQEN: You did. I did. And here we are.
ARYA fills her water pitcher, and steps back as JAQEN approaches her.
JAQEN: A man pays his debts. A man owes three.
ARYA: Three what?
JAQEN: The Red God takes what is his, lovely girl. And only death may pay for life. You saved me and the two I was with. You stole three deaths from the Red God. We have to give them back. Speak three names and the man will do the rest. Three lives I will give you, no more, no less, and we're done.
ARYA: I can name anyone and you'll kill him?
JAQEN: A man has said.
ARYA: The one who tortures everyone.
JAQEN: A man needs a name.
ARYA: I don't know his name. They call him the Tickler.
JAQEN: That is enough. Go now, girl. Your master is thirsty.
ARYA exits quickly.
CUT TO: The North
EXT. A winter landscape. Some men pull a large sled. The Night's Watch marches, single file.
JEOR: He's not here yet. He'd have seen us, blown the horn.
JON: When will he come?
JEOR: The Halfhand does things in his own time.
JON: My uncle told me stories about him.
JEOR: Most of them are true.
JON: I heard the Halfhand spent half of last winter beyond the Wall.
JEOR: The whole winter. He was north of the Skirling Pass when the snows came. Had to wait for the thaw.
JON: So it is possible for someone to survive out here on their own.
JEOR: Well, possible for the Halfhand.
SAM: Beautiful, isn't it? Gilly would love it here.
EDDISON TOLLETT: (to GRENN) There's nothing more sickening than a man in love.
EXT. A snowy cliffside
One of the Night's Watch stands guard while the other set up camp .
MAN: About time you did something. At least you'll keep warm.
SAM: The Fist of the First Men. Think of how old this place is. Before the Targaryens defeated the Andals, before the Andals took Westeros from the First Men.
EDDISON TOLLETT: Before I die, please, stop talking.
SAM: Thousands and thousands of years ago, the First Men stood here where we're standing all through the long night. What do you think they were like, the First Men?
EDDISON TOLLETT: Stupid. Smart people don't find themselves in places like this.
GRENN: (laughs)
JON: I think they were afraid. I think they came here to get away from something. And I don't think it worked.
A horn sounds, and the men pause from their labor to see what is going on.
GRENN: Wildlings?
JON: One blast is for rangers returning. Wildlings is two blasts.
EDDISON TOLLETT: So you got to stand there waiting, wondering. One blast for friends, two for foes.
SAM: And three for White Walkers. It's been a thousand years, but that's the only time they blow the horn three times.
GRENN: But if it's been a thousand years, how do you know?
SAM: Well I read it in a book.
EDDISON TOLLETT: I read it in a book.
EDDISON TOLLETT: and GRENN start to walk off
JON: Look. It's Qhorin Halfhand.
EDDISON TOLLETT: Aye, we'll live another day. Hurrah.
EDDISON TOLLETT leaves.
CUT TO: KINGS LANDING
TYRION is in a basement, holding a pot of wildfire.
HAYLENE: Take care, my lord.
TYRION: I remember reading an old sailors' proverb, "Piss on wildfire and your cock burns off. "
HAYLENE: Oh, I have not conducted this experiment. It could well be true. The substance burns so hot, it melts wood, stone, even steel, and, of course, flesh. The substance burns so hot, it melts flesh like tallow.
TYRION hands the pot to HAYLENE, happy to give over the foul alchemy.
HAYLENE: After the dragons died, wildfire was the key to the Targaryen power.
BRONN: (scoffs)
TYRION: My companion takes issue.
BRONN: If I could tell you how many crazy old men I've seen pushing carts around army camps making grand claims about jars full of pig shit. No offense meant.
HAYLENE: Our order does not deal in pig shit. The substance is fire given form. And we have been perfecting it since the days of Maegor.
BRONN: To do what?
HAYLENE: The jars are put in catapults and flung at the enemy.
TYRION: How much do you have?
HAYLENE starts to lead the others through a door and darker catacombs. TYRION and BRONN follow.
BRONN: If you could get real soldiers to man the catapults, then maybe you'd hit your target one time in ten, but all the real soldiers are in the Riverlands with your father.
HAYLENE: My lord, this man is insulting.
BRONN: I don't know if you've ever seen a battle, old man, but things can get a bit messy. 'Cause when we're flinging things at Stannis, he's flinging them right back at us. Men die, men shit themselves, men run, which means pots falling, which means fire inside the walls, which means the poor cunts trying to defend the city end up burning it down.
TYRION: My friend remains unconvinced.
HAYLENE: He would not dare insult my order whilst Aerys Targaryen lived.
BRONN: Well, he's not living anymore. And all his pots of wildfire didn't help him, did they? Men win wars, not magic tricks.
HAYLENE forces open an ancient door. They enter a storeroom. TYRION is amazed at how much wildfire they have produced.
HAYLENE: We have been working tirelessly, day and night, ever since your royal sister commanded us to do so. Our present count stands at 7,811. Enough to burn Stannis Baratheon's fleet and armies both.
BRONN: This is a shit idea.
TYRION: I'm afraid I have to concur with my advisor, Wisdom Haylene. The contents of this room could lay King's Landing low. You won't be making wildfire for my sister any longer. You'll be making it for me.
CUT TO: QARTH
DAENERYS and DOREAH are on a balcony with Drogon, one of the dragons.
DAENERYS: Dracarys. Dracarys.
The dragon spits forth a small flame which cooks the raw meat before him. The women laugh and applaud.He easts
DAENERYS: He'll be able to feed himself from now on.
DOREAH reaches for Drogon.
DAENERYS: Let him sleep, Doreah.
DOREAH: Yes, Khaleesi.
Drogon climbs on DOREAH hand.
DAENERYS: (amused) He loves you.
IRRI: (Dothraki) I rewove this part of the top. And I fixed the heel on this one.
DAENERYS: Thank you, my friend.
DOREAH: Did you see the dress Xaro had made for you? They say he's the wealthiest man in Qarth.
IRRI: It is known.
DOREAH: And if Qarth is the wealthiest city in Essos
DAENERYS: The last time a rich man gave me a dress, he was selling me to Khal Drogo.
IRRI: (Dothraki) May he ride forever through the night lands.
DAENERYS: Xaro is our host, but we know nothing about him. Men like to talk about other men when they're happy.
DOREAH: (chuckles) You would look like a real princess in Xaro's
IRRI: She's not a princess. She's a Khaleesi. You should wear it, Khaleesi.
All three are quiet in the awkward moment.
IRRI: You are their guest. It would be rude not to.
IRRI exits.
EXT. QARTH GARDEN PARTY
DAENERYS mingles during an elegant garden party.
WOMAN: And you must visit the night market. The Qartheen night market is like no night market you've ever seen.
DAENERYS: It sounds wonderful.
WOMAN: The Meereenis think they have a night market. I will take you there myself.
DAENERYS: Please excuse me for a moment.
DAENERYS joins JORAH, who is speaking with two Dothraki.
JORAH: (speakss Dothraki)
DAENERYS: What are they doing?
JORAH: Malakko says the statue is too heavy to carry. Kovarro says that Malakko is an idiot. They can pry out the gems, the rest is pure gold. Very soft. He can chop off as much as we can carry.
KOVARRO: (Dothraki) Or melt it. Very simple.
DAENERYS: (Dothraki)  We are his guests! You can't pry it or chop it or melt it.
KOVARRO: (Dothraki) Of course not, Khaleesi! We will wait until we leave.
DAENERYS: (Dothraki) Not even when we leave.
KOVARRO: (Dothraki) Why not?
DAENERYS: (Dothraki) Our host saved us from the Red Waste and you want to steal from him? I will hear no more.
KOVARRO and MALAKKO exit. KOVARRO steals a goblet along the way.
DAENERYS: My brother used to say the only thing the Dothraki knew how to do was steal things better men have built.
JORAH: It's not the only thing. They're quite good at killing the better men.
DAENERYS: That's not the kind of queen I'm going to be.
PYATT PREE approaches them and bows.
PYATT PREE: Mother of Dragons. On behalf of the warlocks of Qarth, I welcome you. A demonstration?
PYATT PREE offers his hand and DAENERYS takes it. He places a gem in her palm.
PYATT PREE: Take this gem. Look at it. Into its depths. So many facets. Look closely enough and you can see yourself in them. Often more than once.
PYATT PREE looks over his shoulder to his own doppelganger, who stands motionless. The crowd gasps.
PYATT PREE: Should you grow tired of Xaro's baubles and trinkets, it would be an honor to host you at the House of the Undying. You are always welcome, Mother of Dragons.
PYATT PREE and his twin both leave. The crowd applauds at the illusion. XARO comes to DAENERYS's side from the crowd.
XARO: My apologies. Pyatt Pree is one of the Thirteen. It was customary for me to extend him an invitation. Customs die slow deaths in Qarth.
DAENERYS: What is the House of the Undying?
XARO: It is where the warlocks go to squint at dusty books and drink shade of the evening. It turns their lips blue and their minds soft. So soft, they actually believe their parlor tricks are magic.
XARO leads DAENERYS away, leaving JORAH behind. QUAITHE, a masked woman, talks to JORAH.s
QUAITHE: You watch over her.
JORAH: Do I know you?
QUAITHE: I know you. Jorah Mormont of Bear Island.
JORAH: Who are you?
QUAITHE: I'm no one. But she is the Mother of Dragons. She needs true protectors, now more than ever. They shall come day and night to see the wonder born into the world again. And when they see, they shall lust, for dragons are fire made flesh. And fire is power.
QUAITHE leaves.
CUT TO: WOODS IN THE SHADOWLANDS
BRIENNE and CATELYN stand next to a stream, having stopped to water their horses.
BRIENNE: It looked like Stannis.
CATELYN: To me it just looked like... A shadow in the shape of a man.
BRIENNE: In the shape of Stannis.
CATELYN is unsure.
CATELYN:  We should reach my son's camp tomorrow.
BRIENNE: Will you stay there long, my lady?
CATELYN: Only long enough to tell Robb what I have seen. After that, I will leave for Winterfell. My two youngest need me. I've been away from them for far too long.
BRIENNE: I never knew my mother.
CATELYN: I'm sorry.
CATELYN walks to the fire and sits.  BRIENNE follows.
CATELYN: My own mother died on the birthing bed when I was very young.
BRIENNE: It's a bloody business.
CATELYN:  What comes after is even harder.
BRIENNE: Once you're safely back amongst your own people, will you give me leave to go, my lady?
CATELYN: You mean to kill Stannis.
BRIENNE: I swore a vow.
CATELYN: But Stannis has a great army around him. His own guards are sworn to keep him safe.
CATELYN: I'm as good as any of them. I should never have fled.
CATELYN: Renly's death was no fault of yours. You served him bravely.
BRIENNE: I only held him that once as he was dying.
CATELYN stands and faces BRIENNE.
CATELYN: He's gone, Brienne. You serve nothing and no one by following him into the earth. Renly's enemies are Robb's enemies as well.
BRIENNE: I do not know your son, my lady. But I could serve you, if you would have me. You have courage. Not battle courage, perhaps, but, I don't know, a woman's kind of courage. And I think that when the time comes, you will not hold me back. Promise me that you will not hold me back from Stannis.
CATELYN: When the time comes, I will not hold you back.
BRIENNE draws her sword and kneels to pledge her loyalty.
BRIENNE: Then I am yours, my lady. I will shield your back and give my life for yours, if it comes to that. I swear it by the Old Gods and the new.
CATELYN:  I vow that you shall always have a place in my home and at my table and that I shall ask no service of you that might bring you dishonor. I swear it by the Old Gods and the new.
CUT TO: WINTERFELL
INT. The main hall of Winterfell.
RICKON cracks nuts while BRAN receives visitors. LUWIN sits at his side.
WINTERFELL SHEPHERD: And it's not just thieves, my lord. There's wolves in them hills now, more than I ever seen. They come down in the night and they kill my sheep. My three sons is away fighting for your brother, my lord. They'll fight, keep fighting till they're told to go home. I have no one to man my flock now. Only me. I can't keep watch all day and all night.
BRAN: We can send two orphan boys from Winterstown home with you to help watch over your flock if you can give them room and board.
WINTERFELL SHEPHERD: My wife always prayed for more children. We'll look after them. Thank you, my lord. And may the gods bless you and yours.
The WINTERFELL SHEPHERD leaves.
BRAN: (to RICKON) Stop it. If that's everyone, I'm going to go for a ride before dark.
LUWIN: Good.
BRAN: Hodor.
HODOR: Hodor.
RODRIK enters.
RODRIK: Bran! Lord Stark.  Torrhen's Square is under siege.
LUWIN: Torrhen's Square is barely 40 leagues from here. How can the Lannisters strike so far north?
RODRIK: Might be a raiding party led by the mountain. Might be sellswords paid by Tywin Lannister.
BRAN: We have to help them.
RODRIK: Most of the fighting men are away with Robb, but I can gather 200 decent men.
LUWIN: Do you need so many?
BRAN: If we can't protect our own bannermen, why should they protect us? Go, Ser Rodrik. Take the men you need.
RODRIK: Won't take long, my lord. Southerners don't do well up here.
RODRIK exits with his entourage.
EXT WINTERFELL
HODOR carries BRAN through the courtyard. OSHA walks beside him.
BRAN: So, what does it mean?
OSHA: Ask your Maester Luwin. He's the one studying books all the time.
BRAN: I did ask him. He'd never heard of a three-eyed raven.
OSHA: Must not mean anything, then.
BRAN: You're lying.
OSHA: You might be a little lord, but don't you call me a liar.
BRAN: You know what it means.
OSHA: I never said I didn't.
BRAN: You didn't give me an honest answer.
OSHA: That's not the same as being a liar.
BRAN: Well, it's not far off.
OSHA: So, you've been dreaming of a three-eyed raven again? In the godswood, you told me you didn't dream. Now who's a liar? What did you see in your dream?
BRAN doesn't answer.
OSHA: Something bad? Tell me, boy.
BRAN: I dreamt that the sea came to Winterfell. I saw waves crashing against the gates and the water came flowing over the walls It flooded the castle. Drowned men were floating here, in the yard. Ser Rodrik was one of them.
OSHA: The sea is hundreds of miles away.
BRAN: I know. It's just a stupid dream.
OSHA: I've got to get these potatoes to the kitchen. Otherwise they'll put me in chains again.
BRAN: Osha. The three-eyed raven, what do they say about it north of the Wall?
OSHA: They say all sorts of crazy things north of the Wall.
OSHA exits.
CUT TO: NORTH OF THE WALL
EXT. A winter storm howls as the Knight's Watchmen persevere.
QHORIN: There.
JEOR: Where?
QHORIN: On that mountain.
SAM: I don't see very well.
JON: A fire.
QHORIN: There's a fire. The people sitting around it have better eyes than yours or mine. When they see us coming, that fire becomes a signal. Gives Mance Rayder plenty of time to throw a party in our honor.
JEOR: How many wildlings have joined him?
QHORIN: From what we can tell, all of them. Mance has gathered them all like deer against the wolves. They're almost ready to make their move.
JON:  Where?
QHORIN: Somewhere safe. Somewhere south. Can't just march into their midst. And we can't wait for them here with nothing but a pile of stones to protect us.
JEOR: You saying we should fall back to the Wall?
QHORIN: Mance was one of us once. Now he's one of them. He's going to teach them our way of doing things. They'll hit us in force and they won't run away when we hit back. They're gonna be more organized than before, more disciplined, more like us. So we need to be more like them, do things their way. Sneak in, kill Mance, and scatter them to the winds before they can march on the Wall. And to do that
JEOR: We need to get rid of those lookouts.
QHORIN: It's not a job for 400 men. I need to move fast and silent. Harker, Stonesnake, Borba.
JON: Lord Commander, I'd like to join Lord Qhorin.
QHORIN: I've been called lots of things, but that might be my first Lord Qhorin. You're a steward, Snow, not a ranger.
JON: I've fought and killed a wight. How many rangers can say that?
QHORIN:  He's the one?
JEOR: Aye. You killed a wight. You also let an old man beat you bloody and take your sword.
QHORIN: Craster? In the boy's defense, that's a tough old goat.
SAM: I could take up Jon's duties while he's gone, my lord. It would be no trouble.
JEOR: Well, I hope you make a better ranger than you do a steward. Go on.
EXT. QARTH GARDEN
The garden party has continued into the night.
XARO: So, tell me, how long has your manservant been in love with you?
DAENERYS: He's not my manservant and he's not in love with me. He's my advisor and he's my friend.
XARO: Unlikely. I can almost always tell what a man wants.
DAENERYS: And what about what a woman wants?
XARO: Much more complicated. You, for example, what do you want?
DAENERYS: To cross the Narrow Sea and take back the Iron Throne.
XARO: Why?
DAENERYS: Because I promised my khalasar I'd protect them and find them a safe home.
XARO: You want to conquer the Seven Kingdoms for the Dothraki?
DAENERYS: I want them because they're mine by right. The Iron Throne is mine and I will take it.
XARO: Ah, a conqueror.
DAENERYS:  And how did you get all of this? Did someone give it to you?
XARO: No. I come from nothing. I hit the docks like a piece of cargo, except someone normally cares what happens to cargo.
DAENERYS: So you wanted more than you had and you took it. You're a conqueror, too. You're just less ambitious.
XARO: (chuckles)
DAENERYS: What do you want, Xaro Xhoan Daxos? At the gates of the city, you bled for me. Why?
XARO: I will show you why.
He leads her away.
INT. A VAULT.
XARO strikes the door of the vault with a sword.
XARO: The door and the vault is made of Valyrian stone. The hardest steel does not make a mark. I offered the greatest locksmiths in Qarth their weight in gold if they could break into it. I made the same offer to the greatest thieves. They all went home empty-handed. The only thing that can open this door is this key.
DAENERYS: And behind the door?
XARO: (chuckles)
DAENERYS: And it can all be mine?
XARO: All? Let us say half. More than enough to buy horses, ships, armies.  Enough to go home.
DAENERYS: All I have to do?
XARO: Is marry me.
DAENERYS: That was a romantic proposal.
XARO: I've already married once for love, but the gods stole her from me. I come from nothing. My mother and father never owned a pair of shoes. But marry me, and I will give you the Seven Kingdoms and our children will be princes and princesses.
DAENERYS thinks about his proposition.
XARO: See? I have more ambition than you thought. The time is right, Daenerys Targaryen, First of Your Name. Robert Baratheon is dead.
INT. DAENERYS'S CHAMBERS
JORAH: If you cross the sea with an army you bought and a foreign husband who paid for it . . .
DAENERYS: The Seven Kingdoms are at war with one another. Four false kings destroying the country.
JORAH: To win Westeros, you need support from Westeros.
DAENERYS: The usurper is dead.
JORAH: (laughs)
DAENERYS: The Starks fight the Lannisters, and Baratheons fight each other.
JORAH: According to your new friend who earned your trust by cutting his hand?
DAENERYS: The time to strike is now. We need to find ships and an army or we'll spend the rest of our lives rotting away at the edge of the world.
JORAH: Rich men do not become rich by giving more than they get. They'll give you ships and soldiers and they'll own you forever. Moving carefully is the hard way, but it's the right way.
DAENERYS: And if I'd listened to that advice outside the gates of Qarth, we'd all be dead by now.
DAENERYS: Do not speak to me like I'm a child.
JORAH: I only want
DAENERYS:  What do you want? Tell me.
JORAH: To see you on the Iron Throne.
DAENERYS:  Why?
JORAH: You have a good claim. A title. A birthright. But you have something more than that. You may cover it up and deny it, but you have a gentle heart. You would not only be respected and feared, you would be loved. Someone who can rule and should rule. Centuries come and go without a person like that coming into the world. There are times when I look at you and I still can't believe you're real.
DAENERYS: So what would you have me do, as my advisor?
JORAH: Make your own way. Find your own ship. You only need one. The allies we need are in Westeros, not Qarth.
DAENERYS: And how do I get the ship?
JORAH: I'll find it for you. A sound ship with a good captain.
DAENERYS: I look forward to meeting him.
JORAH: Khaleesi.
JORAH bows and exits.
EXT. RIVERLANDS
Tywin's emcampment with the recruits still held prisoner.
GENDRY fires a sword, and cools it in a bucket of water, while ARYA sits, bored.
ARYA: You should stand sideface.
GENDRY: Sideface?
ARYA: Sideways.
GENDRY: Why?
ARYA: Smaller target.
GENDRY: Am I fighting someone?
ARYA: You're practicing for a fight. You should practice right.
A loud thud is heard, and a woman screams off camera. Arya rushes over to gold cloaks who surround a prone body.
GOLD CLOAK: Guards! Did you see anything? Go up there. Go and see where he fell from.
ARYA looks down upon the twisted body of the TICKLER. She looks up.
GOLD CLOAK: Go up the battlement.
WOMAN: That is strange.
ARYA spies JAQEN standing in the battlement above. He touches a finger beneath his eye. ARYA understands the gesture.
GOLD CLOAK: Move away. Stand back. He's dead.
EXT: WINTERFELL
LUWIN pushes through a wooden exterior door, closes it and locks it behind him. Sounds of screaming and barking can be heard in the background. He turns and begins to write a message on a scroll. He attaches it to a raven and releases it just as the ironborn crash through the door. They take LUWIN prisoner.
INT: BRAN'S ROOM
THEON and DAGMER enter BRAN's room. THEON  walks up to the young lord, who lies in bed.
THEON: I've taken your castle.
BRAN: Theon?
THEON: It's Prince Theon now. Get up. You have to get dressed. I've taken Winterfell. I took it. I'm occupying it. I sent men over the walls with grappling claws and ropes.
BRAN: Why?
THEON: To take the castle.
BRAN: You went with Robb.
THEON: And he sent me back to Pyke. I'm a Greyjoy. I can't fight for Robb and my father both. Where's Hodor?
BRAN: I don't know.
THEON: Find the halfwit.
DAGMER: (nods)
THEON: My men are bringing your people together in the courtyard.
BRAN: Why?
BRAN: I won't.
THEON: Yes, you will.
THEON moves closer to BRAN, who pulls himself up by a rope, hung from the ceilling.
BRAN: I won't. I'll never yield. We'll fight you and throw you out.
THEON sits next to BRAN on the bed.
THEON:  The castle is mine. But these people are still yours. You'll yield to keep them safe, to keep them alive. That's what a good lord would do. Think carefully about what you want to say.
THEON gets up to leave.
BRAN: Theon. Did you hate us the whole time?
EXT: WINTERFELL COURTYARD
BRAN addresses a crow, sitting next to THEON. DAGMER, LUWIN, HODOR and RICKON stand watching.
BRAN: I've yielded Winterfell to Theon.
THEON: Louder. Say Prince Theon.
BRAN: I've yielded Winterfell to Prince Theon. You all know me.
FARLEN: Aye, we know you for a steaming sack of shit.
BRAN: Farlen, you be silent.
THEON: Listen to your little lord, Farlen. He has more sense than you do.
BRAN: All of you should do as he commands.
FARLEN: Bugger that. I serve the Starks. If you think you can hold the North with it
An iron born clubs FARLEN over the head. He screams and stumbles to the ground.
IRONBORN: Shut up!
THEON: If you serve me as loyally as you served Ned Stark, I will be as good to you as he ever was. Betray me, and you will wish you hadn't. Maester Luwin, send a raven to Pyke informing my father of my victory here. And one to Deepwood Motte to my sister. Inform her that she's to bring You are a maester of the Citadel, sworn to serve the Lord of Winterfell, are you not?
LUWIN: I am.
THEON: I am the Lord of Winterfell as Bran just informed you. Send the ravens.
LUWIN: My lord.
LUWIN exits, resigned. OSHA comes forward from the crowd.
OSHA: My Lord Greyjoy.
THEON: I see you've finally learned how to address your betters. What do you want? I was brought here a captive.
OSHA: You were here the day I was taken.
THEON: I'm the one who took you. What of it?
OSHA kneels.
OSHA: Let me serve you.
THEON: Serve me how? I need fighters, not kitchen sluts.
OSHA: It was Robb Stark who put me in the kitchens. Put a spear in my hand again.
THEON: So you can bury it in my neck? Do you take me for a fool? Get up.
OSHA rises and brushes past THEON.
OSHA: Step aside.
BRAN: Why?
OSHA: It's your dream, little lord. The ocean has come to swallow this place. I ain't letting it drown me.
THEON: You'll all go about your tasks as usual. And in a few days' time
BLACK LORREN: Greyjoy!
BLACK LORREN and another iron born bring a captive, bound and bloodied RODRIK CASSL into the courtyard.
BLACK LORREN: We caught this one on his way back from Torrhen's Square. Took out two of ours before I got his sword.
THEON: Ser Rodrik, it grieves me that we meet as foes.
RODRIK: It grieves me you've less honor than a back alley whore. You were raised here under this roof. These people are your people.
THEON: They are not my people.
RODRIK: King Robb thought of you as a brother.
THEON: My brothers are dead. They died fighting Stark men, men like you.
RODRIK: Aye, they died fighting a war your father started. Lord Stark raised you among his own sons.
THEON: Among them, but not one of them. I was his hostage, taken from my home.
RODRIK: If he were alive to see this
THEON: He's not. He's dead. The Seven Kingdoms are at war. And Winterfell is mine.
RODRIK: I should have put a sword in your belly instead of in your hand.
THEON: You've served this house faithfully, old man. But keep talking and I'll
RODRIK spits in THEON's face. The iron born wrestle him to the ground.
THEON:  Take him to the cells. Lock him up
DAGMER: My prince. You cannot let that stand. He must pay.
THEON:  I'll lock him in a cell until he rots.
DAGMER: No, he has to pay the iron price. They'll never respect you while he lives.
THEON considers and RODRIK fumes, on his knees. THEON looks at BRAN.
THEON: Ser Rodrik, I sentence you to death!
BRAN: No! You said no harm would come to them if I yielded.
THEON: The old man couldn't keep his mouth shut.
LUWIN: I urge you not to make a hasty decision.
THEON: He disrespected me in front of my men. That was his decision, not mine.
LUWIN: He is worth more to you alive than dead. The Starks will pay. Please, Theon, think what you do.
THEON considers, but DAGMER gives a quick shake of his head.
THEON:  You'll address me as Prince Theon or you'll be next.
DAGMER: Come.
BLACK LORREN and a second Iron Born pull RODRIK up. DAGMER draws his sword and steps across the courtyard. They follow, with RODRIK resisting.
BRAN: No! No! Theon! Please. Ser Rodrik!
The ironborn hold RODRIK in front of THEON and DAGMER. DAGMER is stands ready to execute RODRIK
RODRIK: He who passes the sentence should swing the sword.
BRAN: I'm begging you.
RODRIK: Coward.
RODRIK is forced to his knees and THEON draws his sword in a wide arc.
BRAN: Stop. Stop! Stop right now!
THEON: You don't give commands anymore, little lord.
BRAN: Please, stop this. Please stop him.
RODRIK: Hush now, child. I'm off to see your father.
BRAN: You said no harm would come! You said no harm would come. Theon, please.
It starts to rain and Theon breathes heavily, his eyes wild. He holds his sword to the back of RODRIK's neck.
THEON: Any last words, old man?
RODRIK: Gods help you, Theon Greyjoy. Now you are truly lost.
BRAN: Theon, please don't.
RICKON: Do something!
BRAN: I'll do anything, please! No, please stop it!
THEON swings his sword down onto RODRIK's neck, but not hard enough to decapitate him. RODRIK spits up blood, suffering. Enraged, THEON swings three more times, then kicks RODRIK's severed head away. THEON pants while BRAN wails.
EXT: NORTH OF THE WALL
Ghost plods ahead of the Night's Watchmen.
JON: Ghost, stay with us. Ghost!
QHORIN: There goes your pet.
JON: He's not a pet.
QHORIN: No, you're right, he's not. You can't tame a wild thing. You can't trust a wild thing.
JON: Ghost is different.
QHORIN: So you think. Wild creatures have their own rules, their own reasons. And you'll never know them. Now the wildlings we're looking for sleep during the day and hunt at night.
JON: I thought you said you couldn't know wild things.
QHORIN: I said you can't. They find a nice cave to hide in while the sun's up and do their killing when it's dark.
JON: We could do the same.
QHORIN: No, we couldn't. This is their country. They know where to walk, where not to walk. I've lost good men who fell into a crevasse they didn't see till they were in it.
JON: My father always said I'm of the North.
QHORIN: (laughs)
JON: I wasn't joking.
QHORIN: Look around, boy. This look like home to you? You start thinking you know this place, it will kill you. You understand me?
JON: (nods)
QHORIN: No, you don't. We're at war. We've always been at war. It's never going to end 'cause we're not fighting an enemy. We're fighting the North, and it's not going anywhere. The Watch has given you a great gift. You only have one thing to give in return, your life.
JON:  I'll gladly give my life.
QHORIN: I don't want you to be glad about it. I want you to curse and fight until your heart's done pumping. And know this, boy. Your death will be a gift for them south of the Wall. They'll never know what you've done. They'll never know how you died. They won't even know your damn name. But they'll be alive because some nameless bastard north of the Wall gave his life for theirs. Now, do you understand me?
JON: I do.
QHORIN: You're even dumber than you look. It's just words, boy, to keep us a little warmer in the night. Make us feel like we've got a purpose. Come on. We've got to find these goat fuckers before night falls and they find us.
Ghost walks behind the men. JON moves to catch up.
INT: SHADOWLANDS CASTLE
TYWIN meets with his war council. ARYA comes in to serve wine.
TYWIN: Can you read?
AMORY: My lord?
TYWIN: Can you read?
AMORY stares blankly.
TYWIN: This letter detailing our infantry movements was meant for Lord Damon of House Marbrand. It was sent to Lord Marlyn of House Dormand.
AMORY: My apologies, my lord. I must have
TYWIN: Girl, fetch me the History of the Greater and the Lesser Houses. It's the one on this
ARYA picks up the correct volume right away and brings it to the table. TYWIN chuckes and stands.
TYWIN: My cupbearer can read better than you.
TYWIN opens the book
TYWIN: To whom does House Dormand owe allegiance?
ARMORY: My lord, I
TYWIN: To the Starks of Winterfell! Who have 20,000 men and my son! I judged you might be good for something more than brutalizing peasants. I see I overestimated you. If you ever put my son's life at risk again, I'll Leave us.
AMORY stands, and leaves.
TYWIN: Put the book away, girl. Maybe you should devise our next battle plan while you're about it.
There is a knock on the door and a kings guard enters.
GUARD: Lord Petyr Baelish.
TYWIN: Mmm. Give us the room.
The war councils leaves.
TYWIN: (to Arya) Clear all this.
LITTLEFINGER enters.
LITTLEFINGER: Lord Tywin.
TYWIN: (not amused) Baelish.
ARYA continues to clear the table.
TYWIN:  Wine?
LITTLEFINGER: Thank you.
They sit at the table. ARYA takes a deep breath, for she does not want LITTLEFINGER to recognize her, while she must also attend to TYWIN without raising his suspicions.
TYWIN: What news from the capital?
LITTLEFINGER: I traveled here directly from Renly Baratheon's camp.
TYWIN: Ah, the late King Renly. Rather a short reign. Murdered by a woman, I hear.
LITTLEFINGER: So they say. There has been talk of other forces at work. Dark forces.
ARYA serves wine to LITTLEFINGER, who raises his glass to his lips. ARYA tries to walk away from the table, but TYWIN stops her, and hands her more to clear.
TYWIN: Here. Men love to blame demons when their grand plans unravel.
LITTLEFINGER: It is my belief that a moment of chaos affords opportunities lost soon after.
TYWIN: You say that as if you were the first man alive to think it. Yes, a crisis is an opportunity. What other brilliant insights have you brought me today?
TYWIN:  Yes, yes, yes.
LITTLEFINGER: The Tyrells have not yet declared for any of the surviving kings. Loras wants revenge. He blames Stannis for Renly's death. And Margaery
TYWIN: Wants to be queen.
LITTLEFINGER: Yes, she does.
TYWIN: House Tyrell rebelled against the Iron Throne. Against my grandson.
LITTLEFINGER: They did. And perhaps that treason should be punished one day, after Stannis and Robb Stark are defeated.
TYWIN: (to Arya) More wine for Lord Baelish.
ARYA continues to move so that LITTLEFINGER cannot see her face clearly.
LITTLEFINGER: If you will allow me to represent your family's interests, I believe that an advantageous agreement TYWIN: The Tyrell host has returned to Highgarden?
LITTLEFINGER: They have.
ARYA spills some wine, and tries to mop it up in a panic.
ARYA: Pardon, my lord.
LITTLEFINGER:  It's only wine.
LITTLEFINGER tries to look at ARYA's face, but TYWIN pulls his attention away.
TYWIN: You would ride there yourself?
LITTLEFINGER: Tonight, with your leave.
TYWIN:  I'll have an answer by nightfall. That'll be all, girl.
ARYA steps away from the table, but continues to listen as she walks away.
TYWIN: And what else?
LITTLEFINGER: On your son Tyrion's directive, I met with Catelyn Stark.
TYWIN: Why?
LITTLEFINGER: He had an interesting proposal for her concerning her daughters.
TYWIN: Hmm.
EXT: NORTH OF THE WALL.
JON, QHORIN and the party of Night's Watchmen creep among rocks and snow of a mountaintop, stalking a wildling camp by a fire. The wildlings, tending to their duties. QHORIN signals and one of the Night's Watchmen lets loose an arrow, striking a wildling in the chest. A short skirmish ensues. JON grapples a hooded wildling into submission, after preventing her from grabbing a weapon. Her hood falls away to reveal YGRITTE, panting. JON is shocked.
JON: A girl.
QHORIN: A wildling.
JON: We could question her.
QHORIN: You could. She won't answer. I've known a wildling to bite off his tongue instead of talking.
JON: What's your name?
YGRITTE: Ygritte.
QHORIN picks up the axe that YGRITTE was reaching for.
QHORIN: She was reaching for this ax when you got to her. Give her half a chance, she'll bury it in your face.
QHORIN throws the axe down to emphasize his point.
YGRITTE: I gave you my name.
JON: I'm Jon Snow.
JON stands back but keeps his blade trained on YGRITTE's face. She looks at the fallen wildlings.
YGRITTE: You ought to burn them you killed.
QHORIN:  We'd need a big fire for that. Tell me, Ygritte. Why do you want us to build a big fire? Are there some more friends in the area?
YGRITTE: Burn them or maybe you'll need those swords again.
QHORIN: Our boy here's already killed one dead man. He can do it again if he has to. What waits beyond the pass?
YGRITTE: The free folk.
QHORIN:  How many?
YGRITTE:  Hundreds and thousands. More than you've ever seen, crow.
QHORIN: Why come to the mountains? What's in the Frostfangs your king could want?
YGRITTE doesn't answer. She locks eyes with JON.
QHORIN: Do you mean to march on the Wall?
QHORIN leans down closely and places his hand on YGRITTE's face.
QHORIN: Do you know who I am, girl?
YGRITTE: Qhorin Halfhand.
QHORIN:  Tell me true. If your people captured me, would they take me prisoner?
YGRITTE: They'd take your head off your shoulders if they was feeling kind. If not, they'd kill you slow.
QHORIN nods and stands back.
QHORIN: We have no food for her. Can't spare a man to watch her. Can't let her go. She'll bring Mance Rayder's army down on us. It needs to be done. Want me to do it?
QHORIN draws his sword.
JON: No. No, I'll do it.
QHORIN: Come, brothers. We'll leave him to it. We'll meet you at the top. Don't take too long. We're deep in their country now.
QHORIN and the watchmen exit. JON points his sword at YGRITTE's face, who still lays still on the rocks. He hesitates.
YGRITTE: You never killed a woman before, did you? You don't need to do it. Mance would take you. I know he would. There's secret ways. The crows would never catch us.
JON pushed the point of his sword into her chin to quiet her.
JON: I'm as much a crow as they are.
YGRITTE rolls onto her stomach, accepting her fate. JON positions his sword above the back of her neck.
YGRITTE: Will you burn me? After?
JON: Can't. Someone might see the smoke.
YGRITTE pulls her hood back in frustration. She wants a clean death. JON rests the sword on the back of her neck.
YGRITTE:  Strike hard and true, Jon Snow, or I'll come back and haunt you. That's cold.
JON continues to hesistate. Go on. Be quick about it.
JON pulls the sword away. YGRITTE looks at him in frustration.
YGRITTE:  Do it. Bastard, do it!
JON brings his sword over his head, and strikes downward, hitting the rock in front of YGRITTE's head. She looks at the blade before her face, and realizes that JON cannot bring himself to kill her. They look at one another and she seizes her chance. She slams a rock into JON's knee, and he falls. She runs, putting her hood back on. JON pursues her as she runs down the mountainside. Both are desperate. JON can't seem to catch up, but he spies an opportunity to shortcut the fleeing YGRITTE. He takes another route, and slides down a hill to tackle YGRITTE. He drops his sword in the process, but pulls out a knife, and places at her throat.
YGRITTE:  You can't do it. We both know it.
JON turns her over, and stands above her.
YGRITTE: The sun's going down, Jon Snow. And your friends are nowhere close.
JON: I'll find them.
YGRITTE:  Call for them. Go on. Call loudly.
EXT: KING'S LANDING
A shoreline at King's Landing. In a skiff crowded with people, MYRCELLA sit down, looking back at the shore. The HIGH SEPTON (OR JUST A SEPTON?) blesses her travels.
HIGH SEPTON: May the Seven guide the princess on her journey. May the Mother give her health. May the crone give her wisdom. May the warrior give her courage.
CERSEI and TYRION watch the boat disembark.
CERSEI: One day I pray you love someone. I pray you love her so much, when you close your eyes, you see her face. I want that for you. I want you to know what it's like to love someone, to truly love someone. Before I take her from you.
TYRION turns to face her. CERSEI continues to look straight ahead. He walks away, silently.
CUT TO: JOFFREY, SANSA, TOMMEN and MERYN watching in the crowd. TOMMEN is crying.
JOFFREY: You sound like a little cat mewling for his mother. Princes don't cry.
SNSA: I saw you cry.
JOFFREY: Did you say something, my lady?
SANSA: My little brother cried when I left Winterfell.
JOFFREY: So?
SANSA: It seems a normal thing.
JOFFREY: Is your little brother a prince?
SANSA: No.
JOFFREY: Not really relevant then, is it? Come, dog.
JOFFREY leaves, followed by the HOUND. They walk past CERSEI on their way out. She still stares after the skiff.
EXT: THE STREES OF KING'S LANDING
JOFFREY walks through the crowd, among his kingsguard. TYRION and TOMMEN are with him. The crowd begins to hassle JOFFREY.
MAN: Hail Joffrey! Hail to the King. Seven blessings on you, Your Grace.
MAN #2: Murderer! Bastard!
MAN #3: All hail the King.
MAN #4: He's no king.
MAN #5: He's a bastard!
MAN #6:Please, Your Grace, we're hungry.
MAN #7: Freak.
TYRION turns to one of the guards.
TYRION: Get the Prince back to the Keep now.
GUARD: Yes, my lord. Come, quickly.
Some of the guards escort TOMMEN away, hopefully to safety.
WOMAN: Please, Your Grace, give us some food!
MAN: Bread, Your Grace, please!
JOFFREY ignores them, until he is hit in the face with a mudball. He groans and doubles over. The HOUND and the other kingsguard draw their swords to defend the king.
JOFFREY: Who threw that? I want the man who threw that. Find who did that and bring him to me!
The HOUND holds JOFFREY back, trying to control him.
GUARD: Hold on!
GUARD #2: Hold them back!
The kingsguard push into the crowd. A full riot begins. SANSA and her hand maidens are scared.
JOFFREY: Just kill them! Kill them all!
CERSEI looks back at TYRION
TYRION:  Move. Move!
The HOUND grabs JOFFREY around the chest and guides him forward.
GUARD: Pull back!
MAN: Tear him to pieces!
JOFFREY: What are you doing? I want these people executed!
HOUND: And they want the same for you.
The riot escalates. SANSA flees awkwardly. TYRION watches in horror as the crowd tears one of their party limb from limb. The crowd cheers.
TYRION: Where's Sansa?
GUARD: Through the door.
GUARD #2: Come on.
GUARD #3: Push hard.
The crowd closes around them. MERYN strikes down one of the crowd.
MERYN: Protect the king!
GUARD: Get back!
GUARD #2: Fall back! Keep him safe!
The Hound passes JOFFREY off to  MERYN and sets on the crowd. Meanwhile, the kingsguard shepherd Joffrey through a gate.
GUARD: Come in! Come in!
CUARD #2: Keep him safe!
CROWD: Motherfucker! Brotherfucker!
GUARD: Watch out. Hold them back.
GUARD #2: Come on.
SANSA is trapped by the crowd. She runs down a dark passage, and some men from the crowd follow
MAN: Hey.
CUT TO: JOFFREY and his guards, safely away from the crowd.
TYRION: You blind, bloody fool.
JOFFREY: You can't insult me.
TYRION: We've had vicious kings and we've had idiot kings, but I don't know if we've ever been cursed with a vicious idiot for a king.
JOFFREY: You can't
TYRION: I can, I am.
JOFFREY: They attacked me!
TYRION: They threw a cow pie at you, so you decided to kill them all? They're starving, you fool. All because of a war you started.
JOFFREY: You're talking to a king!
TYRION slaps him.
TYRION: And now I've struck a king. Did my hand fall from my wrist? Where is the Stark girl?
JOFFREY: Let them have her.
TYRION: If she dies, you'll never get your Uncle Jaime back. You owe him quite a bit, you know.
CUT TO: KINGS LANDING INTERIOR
SANSA runs in desperation from the men who pursue her. One catches up grabs her arm. She slaps him, and he hits her in return. She spins to the ground. Two other men catch up. They tear at her cloths.
MAN: Where are you going?
MAN #2:You ever been fucked, little girl?  Come here.
CUT TO: the royal party
TYRION: Take some men and go and find the Stark girl.
MERYN: I take my orders from the king.
MAN: Where? This way.
CUT TO: Sansa and her assailants
The three men drag SANSA across the floor. She fights back but there are too many of them.
SANSA: Please! No! No!
The men continue their assault. One holds down her hands while the others tear at her clothes. The HOUND appears and guts one of them, holding him by the neck before dropping him to the floor. He takes care of the rest. SANSA lies on the ground, terrified and whimpering.
MAN: Please!
The HOUND reaches down to help SANSA up.
HOUND: You're all right now, little bird. You're all right.
She accepts his help, and he carries her away, over his shoulder.
CUT TO: The riot
The melee continues. It has spiraled further out of control.
CUT TO: the royal part
The HOUND carries SANSA past TYRION and into safety with the rest of the royal party. He sets her down gently, with her back to the wall
MAN: We'll get you.
MAN #2:  We'll get you.
MAN #3: This way.
TYRION: Are you hurt, my lady?
HOUND: The little bird's bleeding. Someone take her back to her cage. See to that cut.
TYRION:  Well done, Clegane.
HOUND: I didn't do it for you.
EXT: A COURTYARD IN MEREEN
DAENERYS paces while XARO watches. KOVARRO sits nearby.
DAENERYS: He shouldn't make me wait.
XARO: The Spice King is the second wealthiest man in Qarth. He makes everyone wait. Of course, you could have avoided this embarrassment if you married the wealthiest man in Qarth.
DAENERYS: I already have a husband.
XARO: Khal Drogo is gone, Khaleesi. You are far too young to be a widow forever and far too beautiful.
DAENERYS: And you are far too smart to think that I will succumb to flattery.
XARO: I have traveled very far in my life and met many women, but none that are immune to flattery.
SPICE KING:The Mother of Dragons!
XARO: Ah, here he comes.
The SPICE KING enters, descending a staircase with his entourage.
SPICE KING: Forgive me. I had terrible dreams last night. Terrible dreams. I could not sleep until the sun was shining and the birds were singing. Look what a beauty you are now the Red Waste has been washed off you. I am sorry about all that unpleasantness. The silver hair of a true Targaryen. Xaro Xhoan Daxos, she is far too lovely for a glorified dockworker like yourself.
The SPICE KING descends the staircase.
XARO: Very true, and yet they say that your grandfather, who sold pepper off the back of a wagon, married a lady far lovelier and higher born than himself.
SPICE KING: Every lady alive was lovelier and higher born than my grandfather. Did my servants not offer you something to eat, to drink? I'll have them flogged in the square.
DAENERYS: Thank you, my lord. You are a gracious host, but there is no servant alive that can bring me what I want.
SPICE KING: Oh, she has a talent for drama, this one. So, my little princess, what is it you want?
DAENERYS: My birthright. The Seven Kingdoms of Westeros.
SPICE KING: I fear I'm no better than a servant in this regard. I cannot give you what I do not have.
DAENERYS: I'm not asking you for the kingdoms. I'm asking you for ships.
SPICE KING: I need to cross the Narrow Sea. I need my ships as well. I use them, you see, to bring spices from one port to another.
DAENERYS: Whatever you grant me now will be repaid three times over when I retake the Iron Throne.
SPICE KING: Retake? Did you once sit on the Iron Throne?
DAENERYS: My father sat there, before he was murdered.
SPICE KING: But if you did not sit on it yourself, would it not be correct to say "take the Iron Throne"?
DAENERYS: I didn't come here to argue grammar.
SPICE KING: Of course not. You came to take my ships. So let me explain my position, little princess. Unlike you, I do not have exalted ancestors. I make my living by trade. And I judge every trade on its merits. You ask for ships. You say I shall be repaid triple. I do not doubt your honesty or your intentions. But before you repay your debts, you must seize the Seven Kingdoms. Do you have an army?
DAENERYS: Not yet.
SPICE KING: You do not have an army. Do you have powerful allies in Westeros?
DAENERYS: There are many there that support my claim.
SPICE KING: When were you there last?
DAENERYS: I left when I was a baby.
SPICE KING: So, in truth, you have no allies.
DAENERYS: The people will rise to fight for their rightful queen when I return.
SPICE KING: Ah. Forgive me, little princess, but I cannot make an investment based on wishes and dreams. Now if you'll pardon me.
DAENERYS: Do you know lllyrio Mopatis, Magister of Pentos? Yes, we've met.
SPICE KING: A shrewd man.
DAENERYS: For my wedding, he gave me three petrified dragon eggs. He believed The world believed that the ages had turned them to stone. How many centuries has it been since dragons roamed the skies? But I dreamt that if I carried those eggs into a great fire, they would hatch. When I stepped into the fire, my own people thought I was mad. But when the fire burned out, I was unhurt, the Mother of Dragons.
DAENERYS ascends the stairs to meet the SPICE KING.
DAENERYS: Do you understand? I'm no ordinary woman. My dreams come true.
SPICE KING: I admire your passion. But in business, I trust in logic, not passion. I'm sorry, little princess.
DAENERYS: I am not your little princess. I am Daenerys Stormborn of the blood of Old Valyria, and I will take what is mine. With fire and blood, I will take it.
The SPICE KING ascends the staircase to leave. His entourage follows.
SPICE KING: Yes, my lady, but not with my ships.
INT: THE COUNCIL CHAMBER IN THE SHADOWLANDS. It is dusk.
ARYA comes to clean the table. She notices the scroll, which mentions ROBB, and begins to read it. TYWIN enters, catching her in the act.
TYWIN: Who taught you to read?
ARYA: My father, my lord.
TYWIN: Hmm. I taught my son Jaime to read. The maester came to me one day, told me he wasn't learning. He couldn't make sense of the letters. He reversed them in his head. The maester said he'd heard tell of this affliction and that we simply must accept it. Ha! After that, I sat Jaime down for four hours every day until he learned. He hated me for it, for a time. For a long time. But he learned. Hmm. Where is your father? Is he alive? Who was he?
ARYA: A stonemason.
TWYIN: A stonemason who could read? Hmm.
ARYA: He taught himself.
TYWIN: Quite a man. What killed him?
ARYA: Loyalty.
TYWIN: You're a sharp little thing, aren't you?
ARYA: Did... Forgive me, my lord. I shouldn't ask questions.
TYWIN: No. But you've already begun.
ARYA: Did you know your father, my lord?
TYWIN: I did. I grew up with him. I watched him grow old.
TYWIN sits. While his back is turned, ARYA steals the scroll that she was reading.
TYWIN: He loved us. He was a good man, but a weak man. A weak man who nearly destroyed our house and name. I'm cold.
ARYA: I'll fetch more wood for the fire, my lord.
TYWIN: Mmm.
ARYA exits.
EXT: COURTYARD IN THE RIVERLANDS.
ARYA hides in a corner, above the bustle of the courtyard. She pulls out the scroll to read what it says about ROBB. She gets up with purpose.
INT: THE RIVERLANDS.
ARYA runs down the steps. Not looking where she is going, she runs into AMORY LORCH
AMORY: Where are you going, girl?
ARYA: The armory, my lord.
AMORY: Why?
ARYA: Lord Tywin sent me.
AMORY: What might this be?
ARYA: Lord Tywin gave it to me.
AMORY: What for?
ARYA: To take to the armory.
AMORY: Why would he do that? Let's go and ask him.
ARYA flees and AMORY pursues her.
AMORY: Move! Get out of the way!
ARYA  scampers through the courtyard and he follows clumsily. AMORY loses sight of her, and she stays hidden just out of sight, beyond a doorway. AMORY goes the wrong way, and she takes advantage of his mistake and runs the other way. She encounters a kingsguard who she mistakes for JAQEN. She grabs him for attention. He turns to her, and she realizes her mistake. She continues on and finds JAQEN just a bit further on.
ARYA: Amory Lorch.
JAQEN: A girl has named a second name. A man will do what must be done.
ARYA: Now!
JAQEN: A girl cannot tell a man when exactly he must do a thing. A man cannot make a thing happen before its time.
ARYA: But he's going to tell Tywin. He's getting away. It has to be now.
JAQEN: (sighs)
INT: THE COUNCIL ROOM
AMORY enters the council room, where TYWIN sits working. TYWIN rises while AMORY collapses to the floor, dead.
TYWIN: Guard!
EXT: THE STARK WARCAMP.
ROBB walks among his men and greet them as he passes them.
SOLDIER: Your Grace.
SOLDIER #2: Your Grace.
SOLDIER #3: My honor, Your Grace.
SOLDIER #4: Your Grace.
QUENT: Your Grace.
ROBB: Quent.
ROBB sees TALISA sitting by a tent. He approaches her.
ROBB: Lady Talisa.
TALISA: Your Grace.
ROBB: I'm not sure I'm a lady.
TALISA: Westerosi customs are still a bit foreign to me.
ROBB: It's hard to keep all the rules straight. But if I remember my lessons, a woman of noble birth is always called a lady. Unless she's a queen or a princess. I could find someone who knows.
TALISA: Why are you so sure I'm of noble birth?
ROBB: Because it's obvious.
TALISA: What if I told you my father sold lace on the Long Bridge, and my mother, my brother and I lived with him above our shop?
ROBB: I'd call you a liar.
TALISA:  Not very noble to accuse a lady of dishonesty.
ROBB: (nods)
TALISA: I always thought I was a brilliant liar.
ROBB: Better at amputations, I'm afraid.
They look around, awkwardly.
ROBB: Quite a pretty spot.
TALISA: Will we be here long?
ROBB: I couldn't really discuss troop movements with you.
TALISA: I'm not a spy.
ROBB: Of course, a spy would deny being a spy.
TALISA: You're right. You've found me out. I'm writing a letter to the Lannisters. "The young wolf is on the move. " Perhaps you'd join me. If you've got time, of course, for, well
CATELYN enters
CATELYN: Robb.
ROBB turns to CATELYN and embraces her. TALISA looks down.
ROBB: Mother. Mother, this is Lady Talisa. She's been helping with the wounded. She's been very helpful.
CATELYIN:  Lady Talisa.
TALISA: Lady Stark.
CATELYN: Lady Talisa
TALISA: Maegyr.
CATELYN:  Maegyr? Forgive me, I do not know this name.
TALISA: An uncommon name here. An old name in Volantis. Excuse me, my lady. Your Grace.
TALISA exits. ROBB and CATELYN begin to walk.
ROBB: I've missed you.
CATELYN: Yes, you look positively forlorn.
ROBB: You surprised me, that's all. I didn't think I'd see you today.
CATELYN: I wish that you were free to follow your heart.
ROBB: I know.
CATELYN: You have inherited your father's responsibilities. I'm afraid they come at a cost. You are promised to another.
ROBB:  I know.
CATELYN: A debt that must be paid.
ROBB: I haven't forgotten.
ROOSE BOLTON enters
ROOSE: Your Grace. My lady. News from Winterfell.
ROOSE holds up a scroll.
EXT: NORTH OF THE WALL
JON and YGRITTE walk through the mountains. Her hands are bound, and he leads her by a rope.
YGRITTE: Your brothers desert you? I can tell you which way to go.
JON: We'll stop here. Too dark to go any farther today.
YGRITTE: Here? There's no shelter here.
JON: There's no shelter anywhere.
YGRITTE: There is if you know where to look. The cold could kill us both. If you light a fire
JON: No fire.
YGRITTE: But a fire is
JON: No fire.
YGRITTE: Have it your way.
JON forces YGRITTE to lie down. He begins to walk away.
YGRITTE: We'll stay warmer if we stay close.
JON pauses.
YGRITTE: Bet you freeze to death before I do. Bet your life.
YGRITTE turns to sleep. JON looks back at her, then joins her, reluctantly.
YGRITTE: Think they're out looking for you?
JON: Yes.
YGRITTE: Think they'll find you?
JON: Yes.
YGRITTE: You're brave. Stupid, but brave.
They are both exhausted.
JON: We start again at first light. Get some sleep.
YGRITTE wiggles next to JON.
JON: Stop moving.
YGRITTE: I'm just trying to get comfortable.
JON: Stop it!
She begins moving again.
JON: You're still moving.
YGRITTE: Was I? I didn't notice that time.
JON: (sighs)
YGRITTE smiles
INT: ROBB'S COUNCIL CHAMBER
ROBB, CATELYN and ROOSE are in the midst of a discussion.
ROBB: This cannot be true.
ROOSE: We've had ravens from White Harbor, Barrowton and the Dreadfort. I'm afraid it is true.
ROBB: Why? Why would Theon
ROOSE: Because the Greyjoys are treasonous whores.
ROBB: My brothers?
ROOSE:  We've heard nothing of them. But Rodrik Cassel is dead.
CATELYN: I told you, never trust a Greyjoy!
ROBB: I must go north at once.
ROOSE: There's still a war to win, Your Grace.
ROBB: How can I call myself king if I can't hold my own castle? How can I ask men to follow me if I can't
ROOSE: You are a king. And that means you don't have to do everything yourself.
CATELYN: Let me go and talk to Theon.
ROBB: There will be no talk. He will die for this.
ROOSE: Theon holds the castle with a skeleton crew. Let me send word to my bastard at the Dreadfort. He can raise a few hundred men and retake Winterfell before the new moon. We have the Lannisters on the run. If you march all the way back north now, you'll lose what you gained. My boy would be honored to bring you Prince Theon's head.
ROBB: Tell your son Bran and Rickon's safety is paramount. And Theon, I want him brought to me alive. I want to look him in the eye and ask him why. And then I'll take his head myself.
INT: WINTERFELL
THEON, OSHA  talk by a fire. An iron born keeps her bound.
THEON: Why on earth would I trust the word of a lying little savage like you?
OSHA: I'm no liar.
THEON: All wildlings are liars and savages with no loyalty to anything or anyone.
OSHA: I done what I had to do to stay alive. I hate the Starks as well as you do. Let me serve you, my lord.
THEON: How? And don't tell me to put a spear in your hand.
OSHA: There are other ways to serve, my lord.
THEON: I'm a prince now, and you'd do well
AHSA: There are other ways to serve, my prince.
THEON: Like what?
OSHA: We know things, the free people.
THEON: You know things? Like what? How to eat dirt?
OSHA: Other things.
OSHA begins to undress
OSHA: Savage things.
THEON: Wait outside.
THEON takes a bite of his apple, The iron born leaves and ASH lets her dress fall to the floor.
THEON: I always wondered what you had under there.
OSHA: It comes at a price.
THEON: I'm not killing you. That's your price.
OSHA: I already had that.
THEON: What do you want then, other than your miserable life?
AHSA: What all free people want. My freedom.
THEON: Well, you shall have it, then. But only if you serve me well.
INT: KING'S LANDING
SANSA is seated. SHAE attends to her wounds.
SANSA: Ow!
SHAE: Shh. It's not deep.
SANSA:  I thought they were going to kill me.
SHAE: They thought so, too.
SANSA: He hated me, the man who hit me. I saw it in his eyes. Hated me. He never met me before, but he wanted to hurt me.
SHAE:  Of course he did.
SANSA: Why? Why would a stranger
SHAE: You are everything he will never have. Your horse eats better than his children. It doesn't matter now. He's dead.
SANSA: I would have given them bread if I had it. I hate the king more than any of them.
SHAE: Don't say these things. If the wrong people hear you
SANSA: But you're not the wrong people.
SHAE: Don't trust anybody. Life is safer that way.
INT: WINTERFELL at night.
THEON sleeps. OSHA slinks away. She walks through the courtyard and encounters a guard.
GUARD: And where are you going?
OSHA: I have something for you from Prince Theon.
GUARD: What?
OSHA: Me. He says I'm to make the rounds. And keep you warm.
OSHA kisses him and he responds. She pulls a knife and slits her throat.
EXT: WINTERFELL at night.
OSHA crouches by a tree and whistles. From the doorway comes RICKON, HODOR and BRAN, followed by their direwolves. The sneak away into the darkness of the woods.
EXT: QARTH GARDEN PATH
DAENERYS and XARO walk in the garden. KOVARRO trails them.
DAENERYS: The Spice King refuses me because I'm a bad investment. The Silk King won't support me because of his business with the Lannisters. Why offend his best customer? And the Copper King offers me a single ship on the condition that I lie with him for a night. Does he think I will whore myself for a boat?
XARO: When I came to this city, I had nothing. Truly nothing. I slept by the docks. And when I could find work loading the ships, I would eat. If not, I dreamed of food. Today, I am the richest man in Qarth. Do you think the path from poverty to wealth is always pure and honorable? I have done many things, Khaleesi, that a righteous man would condemn. And here I am, with no regrets.
XARO opens the door for DAENERYS. They move into the courtyard to find it strewn with bodies,  throats cut. DAENERYS takes in the scene, and then runs in a panic.
XARO: Bar the gates. Ring the bells. Slowly, Khaleesi.
Bells toll as DAENERYS runs, followed by KOVARRO and XARO. She climbs a staircase to her chamber, where IRRI lies slain. The dragons are gone.
DANAERYS: Where are they? Where are my dragons?
EXT: QARTH
A hooded figure walks up an exterior staircase toward a tower, the House of the Undying, burdened by a covered basket. The dragons screech from inside.
INT: WINTERFELL
THEON wakes and notices that OSHA has gone.
EXT: WINTERFELL
THEON dresses down BLACK LORREN while DAGMER watches.
THEON: A cripple? You let a cripple escape? The boy can't walk, but somehow he slipped past you?
BLACK LORREN: The giant must have took him.
THEON: The giant? Hodor? Oh, that's all right, then. You let a halfwit escape with a cripple. And Rickon, too? The little one?
BLACK LORREN: Gone, along with the wildling woman. The one you were fucking.
THEON punches BLACK LORREN in the jaw, who falls to the ground. THEON shakes the pain out of his fist. HE then kicks BLACK LORREN repeatedly.
THEON: Right. Get the horses and the hounds.
DAGMER: (laughs)
EXT: WOODS OUTSIDE WINTERFELL
Leashed dogs chase the scent of the fugatives. Mounted riders follow.
MAN: Come on, find the scent. Where they going?
The dogs seem to have picked up a scent and they pause.
DAGMER: Halt!
The riders stop.
THEON: Enjoying your first hunt?
LUWIN: So far, hunting seems very similar to riding, my lord.
THEON: With hunting, there's blood at the end.
LUWIN: They're little boys.
THEON: I was a little boy when I was torn away from my home and brought here. So I kept my word. I never ran away. If I find them soon enough, I won't hurt them. Well, I'll hurt them, but I won't kill them.
LUWIN: Those boys are of far more value to you alive than dead.
THEON: They have no value to me missing.
LUWIN: Robb will have sent a force to retake Winterfell by now.
THEON: Robb's in the Riverlands. My sister's in Deepwood Motte. She'll get here long before they do. And Ned Stark always said 500 men could hold Winterfell again 10,000.
MAN:  We have a scent!
THEON: The hounds have the scent. Come, Maester, don't look so grim. It's all just a game.
THEON rides on. LUWIN follows.
EXT: WOODS OUTSIDE WINTERFELL
The direwolves walk along a stream. HODOR, BRAN, RICKON and OSHA follow.
OSHA: We should have took more food.
BRAN: We couldn't risk going to the kitchens.
OSHA: Those people all love you. They would have given you whatever you needed.
BRAN: And if Theon found out, he'd hang them.
OSHA: The boy can't survive on walnuts.
RICKON:  I'm fine.
RICKON cracks the walnut he holds
OSHA: We've been walking since before sunrise. Even Hodor will tire. Hodor:  Hodor.
OSHA: Even you, sweet giant.
HODOR: Hodor.
The party crests a small rise. The sounds of children shouting playfully can be heard in the distance.
BRAN:Wait, I know that farm. I sent those two Winterfell orphans there.
RICKON: Jack and Billy. They'll give us some food.
BRAN: We can't risk it. If Theon tracks us here, he'll torture them until he finds out where we are.
RIKON: Billy climbs a tree better than anyone.
OSHA: You've never seen me climb a tree, little man.
BRAN: They'll be after us with hounds.
OSHA: We got a good start on them, but we can't outrun hounds forever.
EXT: NORTH OF THE WALL
JON and YGRITTE sleep, entwined. YGRITTE feels JON's manhood against her.
YGRITTE: Did you pull a knife on me in the night?
JON rolls away quickly, embarrassed. He stands.
YGRITTE: What's the matter? Can't be the first time you pressed your bone against a woman's arse.
JON: Let's move.
He pulls her up and checks her binding.
YGRITTE: It is the first time. How old are you, boy?
JON: I'm a man of the Night's Watch.
YGRITTE: You're a boy who's never been with a girl. Don't your stones start to hurt if your bone never gets
JON: Don't call them that.
YGRITTE: What, stones? Or bone?
JON: Neither. Both.
Having checked her bindings, he picks up his sword and leads her off.
JON: Move!
YGRITTE: I heard they get all swollen and bruised if you don't use them. Of course, maybe that's just what the lads say when they want me feeling sorry for them. As if I'd feel sorry for them. Are there no girl crows?
JON: There are no women of the Night's Watch, no.
YGRITTE: So the lads just do it with each other?
JON: No.
YGRITTE: Never?
JON: Never. We swore an oath.
YGRITTE: You have sheep at the Wall? With your hands, then? No wonder you're all so miserable.
JON pulls at her bound hands.
JON: Would you please shut up?
JON: You're a free woman? I might be your prisoner, but I'm a free woman.
JON: If you're my prisoner, you're not a free woman. That's what "prisoner" means.
YGRITTE: And you think you're free? You swore some stupid oath and now you can never touch a girl.
JON: It was my choice to say the words.
YGRITTE: So you don't like girls?
JON: Of course I like girls. But you chose never to touch them.
JON: That's the price you pay if you want to be a man of the Night's Watch.
YGRITTE: So instead of getting naked with a girl, you'd prefer to invade our lands
JON: Invade your lands? Wildlings raid our lands all the time. Some of them tried to kill my little brother, a crippled boy!
YGRITTE: Yhey're not your lands! We've been here the whole time. You lot came along and just put up a big wall and said it was yours.
JON: My father was Ned Stark. I have the blood of the First Men. My ancestors lived here, same as yours.
YGRITTE: So why are you fighting us?
YGRITTE turns and walks down the slope. JON follows.
EXT: SHADOWLANDS COURTYARD
In a misty morning, a man twitches while hung by a noose. Another screams in pain.
MAN: Go on. Now I want you to tell me what happened. Come on, this way. Come on, speak up. Speak up.
Above the courtyard, TYWIN listens, and sniffs a wooden toothpick
TYWIN: Wolfsbane. A rare substance. This is no common assassin.
MOUNTIAN: We hanged 20 men last night.
TYWIN: I don't care if you hanged 100. A man tried to kill me. I want his name and I want his head.
ARYA sets the table and listens.
MOUNTAIN: We think it was an infiltrator from the Brotherhood Without Banners.
TYWIN: Pretentious name for a band of outlaws. We can't allow rebels behind our lines to harass us with impunity. We look like fools and they look like heroes. That's how kings fall. I want them dead, every one.
MOUNTAIN: Killing them isn't the problem. It's finding them. Have you gone soft, Clegane? I always thought you had a talent for violence.
TWYIN: Burn the villages, burn the farms. Let them know what it means to choose the wrong side.
The MOUNTAIN exits.
TYWIN: Mmm. Is that mutton?
ARYA: Yes, my lord.
TYWIN: Don't like mutton.
ARYA: I'll bring something else.
TYWIN: Leave it. Are you hungry?
ARYA: No.
TYWIN: Of course you are. Eat.
ARYA: I'll eat in the kitchen later.
TYWIN: It's bad manners to refuse a lord's offer. Sit. Eat.
ARYA sits and eats the mutton.
TYWIN:  You're small for your age. I suppose you've been underfed your whole life.
ARYA: I eat a lot. I just don't grow.
TYWIN looks out the window.
TYWIN:  Mmm. This will be my last war. Win or lose.
ARYA: Have you ever lost before?
TYWIN: Do you think I'd be in my position if I had lost a war?
ARYA: (shakes her head)
TYWIN: But this is the one I'll be remembered for. The War of Five Kings, they're calling it. My legacy will be determined in the coming months.
ARYA realizes that TYWIN has let his guard down, and considers her options. But he turns back to her and she starts, suddenly.
TYWIN: Do you know what legacy means? It's what you pass down to your children and your children's children. It's what remains of you when you're gone. Harren the Black thought this castle would be his legacy. The greatest fortress ever built.
TYWIN walks to the fireplace.  The tallest towers, the strongest walls. The Great Hall had 35 hearths. Thirty-five. Can you imagine? Look at it now. A blasted ruin. Do you know what happened?
ARYA: Dragons?
TYWIN: Yes. Dragons happened.
TYWIN pours himself some wine.
TYWIN: Harrenhal was built to withstand an attack from the land. A million men could have marched on these walls, and a million men would have been repelled. But an attack from the air with dragon fire Mmm-mmm. Harren and all his sons roasted alive within these walls. Aegon Targaryen changed the rules. That's why every child alive still knows his name
ARYA: Aegon and his sisters.
TYWIN: Mmm?
ARYA: It wasn't just Aegon riding his dragon. It was Rhaenys and Visenya, too.
TYWIN: Correct. A student of history, are you?
ARYA: Rhaenys rode Meraxes. Visenya rode Vhagar.
TYWIN: I'm sure I knew that when I was a boy.
ARYA: Visenya Targaryen was a great warrior. She had a Valyrian steel sword she called Dark Sister.
TYWIN: Hmm. She's a heroine of yours, I take it?
ARYA: (smiles)
TYWIN:  Aren't most girls more interested in the pretty maidens from the songs? Jonquil with the flowers in her hair?
ARYA: Most girls are idiots.
TYWIN: You remind me of my daughter. Where did you learn all this stuff about Visenya and her Valyrian steel sword?
ARYA: From my father.
TYWIN: He was a well-read stonemason. Can't say I've ever met a literate stonemason.
ARYA: Have you met many stonemasons, my lord?
TYWIN: Careful now, girl. I enjoy you, but be careful. Take that back to the kitchen. Eat what you want.
ARYA rises, clearing the dishes and walking away.
TYWIN: And, girl.
ARYA stops.
TYWIN: "M'lord.
ARYA turns, confused.
TYWIN: " Lowborn girls say "m'lord," not "my lord. " If you're going to pose as a commoner, you should do it properly.
ARYA: My mother served Lady Dustin for many years, my lord. She taught me how to speak proper Properly.
TYWIN: You're too smart for your own good. Has anyone told you that?
ARYA: Yes.
TYWIN: Go on.
ARYA exits and TYWIN ponders, and drinks his wine.
INT: KING'S LANDING
SANSA walks through a castle hallway. The HOUND comes in the other direction.
SANSA: I beg pardon, ser. I should have come to you after to thank you for saving me. You were so brave.
HOUND:  Brave? A dog doesn't need courage to chase off rats.
SANSA: Does it give you joy to scare people?
HOUND: No, it gives me joy to kill people.
SANSA: (gasps)
HOUND: Spare me. You can't tell me Lord Eddard Stark of Winterfell never killed a man.
SANSA: It was his duty. He never liked it.
HOUND: Is that what he told you? He lied. Killing is the sweetest thing there is.
SANSA: Why are you always so hateful?
HOUND: You'll be glad of the hateful things I do someday when you're queen and I'm all that stands between you and your beloved king.
SANSA turns and walks away.
EXT: QARTH GARDEN
DAENERYS and XARO walk through the garden, anxiously.
XARO: I've demanded a meeting of the Thirteen. One of them did this or knows who did.
DAENERYS: You are one of the Thirteen.
XARO: If I wanted your dragons, I would have taken them. They mean nothing to me on their own.
DAENERYS: Nothing? They're more valuable than anything in the world.
XARO: Shall we look inside my vault and see what selling your dragons would buy me I cannot buy already? We will get them back.
DAENERYS: There is no we, so why would you help me get them back?
XARO: I took you under my protection in front of the rulers of my city. A man is what others say he is and no more. If they say that Xaro Xhoan Daxos is a liar, my word is worth nothing. I cannot let this thing happen to you under my roof.
DAENERYS: But it did happen under your roof.
XARO: Khaleesi, many times in my life, I have been
DAENERYS: I don't care where you've been.
DAENERYS steps quickly up the stairs. MALAKKO blocks XARO's way.
EXT: THE FAR NORTH
JON and YGRITTE continue their trek among the mountaintops. JON keeps looking back at her.
YGRITTE: You think we're savages because we don't live in stone castles. We can't make steel as good as yours, it's true, but We're free. If someone tried to tell us we couldn't lie down as man and woman, we'd shove a spear up his arse. We don't go serving some shit king who's only king because his father was.
JON: No. No, you serve Mance Rayder, the King beyond the Wall.
YGRITTE: We chose Mance Rayder to lead us. He was a crow, same as you, but he wanted to be free. You could be free, too. You don't need to live your whole life taking commands from old men. Wake up when you want to wake up. I could show you the streams to fish, the woods to hunt. Build yourself a cabin and find a woman to lie with in the night.
YGRITTE comes closer.
YGRITTE: You're a pretty lad. The girls would claw each other's eyes out to get naked with you.
JON: Walk.
YGRITTE: I could teach you how to do it.
JON: I know how to do it.
YGRITTE: You know nothing, Jon Snow.
YGRITTE walks ahead. JON follows.
EXT: THE RIVERLANDS
The Stark war camp is quiet. SER ALTON reports to ROBB stark while RIKARD KARSTARK, ROOSE and ??? look on.
ROBB: And what did she say?
ALTON: She admired your spirit, Your Grace.
ROBB: And what then?
ALTON: She
ROBB: If every man were held accountable for the actions of every distant relative, Ser Alton, we'd all hang.
ALTON: She tore the paper in half, Your Grace.
ROBB: You've acted with honor. I thank you for it. Lord Karstark, see that Ser Alton's pen is clean, and give him a hot supper.
RICKARD KARSTARK: Ser Alton's pen is occupied, Your Grace. The prisoners from the Yellow Fork.
ROOSE: Too many prisoners.
ROBB: Is there room for Ser Alton?
RICKARD KARSTARK: Does he need to lie down?
ROBB: Have the men build him a new pen. Put him in with the Kingslayer for now. Have your boy watch over them.
RICKARD KARSTARK: Torrhen.
TORRHEN grabs ALTON's should to lead him away
ROBB: That will be all.
ALTON, TORRHEN, RICKARD KARSTARK and ??? leave. TALISA enters.
TALISA: Your Grace. A minute of your time?
ROOSE leaves, eying TALISA.
TALISA: I've been treating your wounded men.
ROBB: And my enemies, as some of my bannermen are fond of mentioning.
TALISA: They're not my enemies.
ROBB: That's what I tell my bannermen.
TALISA: I've already run through the supplies I brought with me. Some are easily replaced. Egg yolks, turpentine, oil of roses. But some are not. I need silk for stitching. I need fennel root for those with fever, willow bark. Mostly I need milk of the poppy. You saw what it was like to amputate a foot without any. I assume there will be more loss of limb before this war is over.
ROBB:  If you need help finding these
TALISA: I know where to find them. I'm sorry, I shouldn't interrupt you.
ROBB: Continue, my lady.
TALISA: You're riding to the Crag to negotiate a surrender?
ROBB: Yes.
TALISA: The Crag will have a maester and he will have what I need.
ROBB: I expect he will.
TALISA:If I could write a list.
ROBB: Come with me to the Crag.
TALISA: I don't think that will be
ROBB: Let the maester show you his stores. I want the wounded men to be treated well, all the wounded men.
ROBB exits.
EXT: FARM OUTSIDE WINTERFELL
THEON's search party has come upon the farmhouse. They mill around, trying to pick up the scent.
WOMAN: Children, come inside, quick. Come on.
CHILD: Hurry up!
MAN: Can't find anything, ser. They've lost the scent.
THEON: Try again.
MAN: We've circled this farmhouse twice. There's no sign of them.
The MAN continues to lead his dog through the farm.
LUWIN: We could start the search fresh in the morning, my lord.
THEON grabs LUWIN.
THEON: I'm looking at spending the rest of my life being treated like a fool and a eunuch by my own people. Ask yourself, is there anything I wouldn't do to stop that from happening? The hounds will find the scent again. I'll beat them until they do. I'll whip every man here until I have both those boys in hand. And once I've got them, the pampered little shits It's better to be cruel than weak.
Two ironborn lead the WINTERFELL SHEPHERD to THEON.
MAN #2: Prince Theon.
THEON: Where are they?
WINTERFELL SHEPHERD: Who, m'lord?
THEON: The Stark boys. Where are they?
WINTERFELL SHEPHERD: I don't know. I seen no one.
THEON punches him in the gut.
THEON: Think harder.
WINTERFELL SHEPHERD: I swear, m'lord. I don't know.
THEON makes to punch him again, but DAGMER has found something by the hay bales.
DAGMER: My lord, over here. I think I've found what we're looking for.
THEON comes over and DAGMER shows him a handful of walnut shells. THEON looks around
DAGMER: Send the old man home.
THEON: (nods)
THEON walks up to LUWIN.
THEON: Go back to Winterfell. Take him back.
LUWIN: Theon, don't do this.
The ironborn take LUWIN away.
INT: DAENERYS'S ROOM IN QARTH
DAENERYS stands sadly. JORAH enters.
DAENERYS: You came back.
JORAH: As soon as I heard. Do you know anything?
DAENERYS: Irri is dead.
JORAH: I know. She was a good
DAENERYS: She's dead. She died alone. She died for me and I couldn't protect her.
JORAH: Doreah?
DAENERYS: We can't find her. She must be dead, too. I led my people out of the Red Waste and into the slaughterhouse.
JORAH: I should have been here.
DAENERYS: You went to find me a ship.
JORAH: My place is by your side. I shouldn't have left you alone with these people.
DAENERYS: "These people"?
JORAH: They are not to be trusted.
DAENERYS: And who is to be trusted? Who are my people? The Targaryens? I only knew one, my brother, and he would have let a thousand men rape me if it had got him the crown. The Dothraki? Most of them turned on me the day that Khal Drogo fell from his horse.
JORAH: Your people are in Westeros.
DAENERYS: The people in Westeros don't know I'm alive.
JORAH: They will soon enough.
DAENERYS: And then what? They'll pray for my return? They'll wave dragon banners and shout my name? That's what my brother believed and he was a fool.
DAENERYS: You are not your brother.
JORAH: Trust me, Khaleesi.
DAENERYS: There it is. "Trust me. " And it's you I should trust, Ser Jorah? Only you? I don't need trust any longer. I don't want it and I don't have room for it.
JORAH: You are too young to be so
JORAH reaches for her.
DAENERYS: And you are too familiar.
JORAH: Forgive me, Khaleesi. No one can survive in this world without help. No one. Let me help you, please. Tell me how.
DAENERYS: Find my dragons.
JORAH exits.
EXT: THE FAR NORTH
JON and YGRITTE are still walking in the desolate snowlands.
YGRITTE: How long till we get back to your crows?
JON: We're close.
YGRITTE: What, a day? A half-day? You don't know, do you? Do you even know where they are?
JON: We're close.
YGRITTE: What do you think they'll say when they hear about you and me?
JON: Nothing happened between you and me.
YGRITTE: "I swear it, Old Master King Crow, ser, "we were only close together for warmth. "And then I felt it, right up against me backside like a club. "I can show you the bruise on me tailbone. "And before I knew what was where, his his "Well, it was all out in the open, all angry as you like. "And I didn't want to want it, but oh, I did! "And he spread me legs and ruined. "The shame of it. "Now I can never marry a perfumed lord. "What will me poor savage father say?"
JON: Turn back around.
YGRITTE: "And I thought that we were done, but he said, "'Turn back around." I'll tell you what, Jon Snow. Since it's gonna be your word against mine, and since you can't talk about it without blushing, we may as well just JON: What, right here in the muck?
YGRITTE: I'll keep you warm enough.
JON pulls on her restraints, releasing her hands.
YGRITTE: Are you that afraid of it?
JON: That's enough.
YGRITTE: It's nice and wet and warm.
JON: Enough!
YGRITTE: It don't have teeth.
YGRITTE comes closer. JON is tempted, but comes to his senses and grab the hilt of his sword. YGRITTE backs off.
YGRITTE:  All right! All right. Gods, you're dull.
YGRITTE quickly snares the rope around her leg and pulls JON down to the ground. He grunts and she takes off running. Jon gets up and chases her. She disappears down a slope. Jon runs to where he last saw her, and finds her bindings, cut. He hears a whistle, and looks up to see YGRITTE and two other wildlings on a ledge above him. She is smiling. Jon looks around to see that he is surrounded by wildlings.
YGRITTE: Should have took me while you had the chance.
INT: KING'S LANDING
SANSA is having a nightmare, reliving the attempted rape by the rioters.
SANSA: No, no!
She wakes in a start, and pulls back the covers to see that her first period has begun. She is distraught
SANSA: No. Oh, no.
SANSA gets up, grabs a knife and tries to remove the bloodstain. SHAE enters the chamber with SANSA's breakfast. She rushes over to help
SHAE: It's all right. Give me that.
SANSA: If the Queen sees, I can have Joffrey's children now.
SHAE: Help me flip it over.
While SHAE and SANSA try to flip the mattress, another handmaiden enters. They stop. The handmaiden turns and rushes out of the room. After exchanging a glance with SANSA, SHAE follows her.
INT: DARK HALLWAY
The handmaiden moves quickly. SHAE pursuers her.
SHAE: Where are you going?
HANDMAIDEN:  To tell Her Grace.
SHAE pulls a knife and holds it to the handmaiden's throat.
SHAE: You'll say nothing to anyone. Do you understand?
The HANDMAIDEN nods in fear and then runs off. SHAE watches her go, then returns.
INT: SANSA'S ROOM
SHAE rushes back to SANSA's room. The HOUND is already there. SANSA sits on her bed, dejected.
INT: CERSEI'S ROOM
CERSEI and SANSA enter.
CERSEI: Your mother might have prepared you. You flowered, my dear. No more.
SANSA: My mother told me, but I thought it would be different.
CERSEI: In what way?
SANSA: I thought it would be less Less messy.
CERSEI: Wait until you birth a child.
SANSA sits on the edge of the bed.
CERSEI: You're a woman now. Do you have any idea what that means?
SANSA: I'm fit to bear children for the king?
CERSEI: A prospect that once delighted you, bringing little princes and princesses into the world, the greatest honor for a queen.
SANSA: (nods)
CERSEI: Joffrey has always been difficult. Even his birth, I labored a day and a half to bring him into this world. You cannot imagine the pain. I screamed so loudly, I was sure Robert would hear me in the Kingswood.
SANSA: His Grace was not with you?
CERSEI: Robert was hunting. That was his custom. Whenever my time was near, my royal husband would flee to the trees with his huntsmen and his hounds. And when he returned, he would present me with some pelts or a stag's head, and I would present him with a baby. Not that I wanted him there, mind you. I had Grand Maester Pycelle, an army of midwives, and I had my brother. When they told Jaime he wasn't allowed in the birthing room, he smiled and asked which one of them proposed to keep him out. Joffrey will show you no such devotion.
SANSA looks down.
CERSEI: You may never love the king, but you will love his children.
SANSA: I love His Grace with all my heart.
CERSEI: That's so very touching to hear. Permit me to share some womanly wisdom with you on this very special day. The more people you love, the weaker you are. You'll do things for them that you know you shouldn't do. You'll act the fool to make them happy, to keep them safe. Love no one but your children. On that front, a mother has no choice.
SANSA: But shouldn't I love Joffrey, Your Grace?
CERSEI: You can try, little dove.
SANSA looks down, sadly.
EXT: RIVERLANDS AT NIGHT
A guard checks on the prisoners in the Stark encampment. JAIME and ALTON share a cell.
CERSEI: Who did you say your mother was again?
ALTON: Cinda Lannister.
JAIME: Is she the fat one?
ALTON: Well, perhaps she's gotten a little larger than she
JAIME: No, no. There's only one fat Lannister. If she was your mother, you'd know it.
ALTON: I squired for you once, you know.
JAIME: When?
ALTON: The tournament, the day of Willem Frey's wedding.
JAIME: I went to Willem Frey's wedding?
ALTON: You did. Your squire had gotten so drunk the night before that he threw up.
JAIME: He threw up on his horse on the way to the tourney grounds. What was his name?
ALTON: Bryan.
JAIME: Poor lad. That was my brother's doing, I seem to recall. I remember you. You'd never squired for anyone before.
ALTON: That's right. I ran up and volunteered. "Let me, my lord. Let me. " My father was furious. Afraid I'd embarrass our family in front of the Family.
JAIME: You didn't, though.
ALTON: You really remember?
JAIME: You knew when you were needed and when to go away. It's a rare talent. Most of my squires, they mean well, but young men with big jobs, they tend to overdo them.
ALTON: When I think back to that day
GUARD:  Shh!
JAIME: You were saying?
ALTON: I Never mind. It's embarrassing.
JAIME: More embarrassing than being chained to a post covered in your own shit?
ALTON: I remember everything about that day, your helmet, your horse, the rake lines in the dirt along the list, where the sun was in the sky when you knocked Balon from his horse, and the dent in your shield when you handed it back to me. I'll remember it all until I die. That was the best day of my life. And I remember being on the field after it was over. All the competitors were done. I was the last one out there. And I couldn't leave. I couldn't bring myself to go and sit with my family at a table so far on the edge of the feast you could barely even see the bride. And I couldn't bear to tell them what it had been like squiring for you, when I knew that they could never have the faintest idea what I was talking about.
JAIME: I understand completely.
ALTON: How could you? Sorry, I I didn't mean to doubt you.
JAIME: It's just that I I was 16 once. I also had to replace someone's squire on short notice.
ALTON: Which knight was it?
JAIME: Barristan Selmy. The fight against the Kingswood Outlaws. Before your time.
ALTON: What was he like?
JAIME: He was A painter. A painter who only used red. I couldn't imagine being able to fight like that, not back then. And to help him do that, to be a part of something that perfect. I don't need to explain how that felt, not to you.
ALTON: It's hard to put into words.
JAIME: It's like stepping into a dream you've been dreaming for as long as you can remember, and finding out that the dream is more real than your life.
ALTON: (nods) Leaving that battlefield was like being dragged off to prison.
ALTON: Did you squire for him again?
JAIME: No. I didn't have your gift. He couldn't take a step without stepping on me. I was awful, a complete liability. Until one of the outlaws decided to take on a 16-year-old squire.
ALTON: (smiles)
JAIME: It's a good thing I am who I am. I'd have been useless at anything else. I'm not well-suited for imprisonment. Shocking, I know. Some men are. Ned Stark, I imagine he made an excellent prisoner right up until the end. Not me, though. My life has left me uniquely unfit for constraint.
ALTON: And have you thought about
JAIME: Of course. Every day.
ALTON: And?
JAIME: Good prisoners breed good jailers, apparently. The Starks are very careful.
ALTON: (nods)
JAIME: But there is a way, I think. It wasn't possible until now.
ALTON: What is it?
JAIME looks out at the guards.
JAIME: It's actually quite simple.
ALTON: Well, let me help you.
JAIME: You'll only have to do one thing.
ALTON: Tell me.
JAIME: (whispers)You'll have to die.
JAIME headbutts ALTON and then beats him to death with his chained hands. TORRHEN comes to check on his bloodied body. JAIME chokes him with his chained hands until his neck snaps. JAIME takes the keys to complete his escape.
EXT: QARTH GARDEN
JORAH enters a garden where QUAITH covers the back of a man with symbols painted in blood.
QUAITH: Jorah the Andal. This man must sail past old Valyria. All who travel too close to the doom must have protection.
JORAH: I didn't come here for lessons.
QUAITH: No, you came for the dragons.
JORAH: You have them? Where are they?
QUAITH: Draw your sword. See what your steel is worth. You want to please the Mother of Dragons.
JORAH does not answer. She returns to painting.
QUAITH: You love her.
JORAH: Where are the dragons?
QUAITH: Will you betray her again, Jorah the Andal?
JORAH does not answer.
QUAITH: Will you betray her again?
JORAH: Never.
QUAITH: The thief you seek is with her now.
QUAITH returns to painting and JORAH exits, quickly.
INT: QARTH COUNCIL OF THE THIRTEEN
DAENERYS appears before the Thirteen to plead for her dragon's return.
SPICE KING: I did not leave the comfort of my home to come to yours and be called a thief.
XARO: No one is calling you a thief. Who is she to accuse us?
DAENERYS: Please, they're my children. I'm begging you.
SILK KING: Begging us? It wasn't very long ago you were threatening us.
DAENERYS: Without me, the dragons will die.
SPICE KING: It will be for the best. Your dragons will bring the world nothing but death and misery, my dear. If I knew where they were, I would not tell you.
PYAT PREE: You are cruel, my friend. The Mother of Dragons is in the right. She must be reunited with her babies. I will help you, Khaleesi.
DAENERYS:  How?
PYATT PREE: I will take you to the House of the Undying where I have put them.
DAENERYS: You have my dragons?
PYATT PREE: When I learned you were coming to our city, I made an arrangement with the King of Qarth. He procured them for me.
DAENERYS:  But there is no King of Qarth.
XARO: There is now. That was the other half of the arrangement.
XARO stands.
XARO: You would keep your gates and your minds closed to everything outside your walls, but Qarth cannot remain the greatest city that ever was if it refuses to change. I will open Qarth to the world as I have forced it to open itself to me.
PYATT PREE joins XARO's side.
SPICE KING: Your ambition is an inspiration. But like all upstarts, you overreach. Three dragons the size of cats and an alliance with a charlatan do not make you a king.
XARO: An upstart and a charlatan? Empires have been built by less. Those on the margins often come to control the center, and those in the center make room for them, willingly or otherwise.
PYATT PREE: The Mother of Dragons will be with her babies. She will give them her love and they will thrive by her side, forever.
PYATT PREE's doppelgangers slit the throats of the other members of the Thirteen, simultaneously. DAENERYS is horrified, and flees. She encounters another PYATT PREE clone. KOVARRO comes to her side to defend her, but JORAH stabs PYATT PREE from behind first.
PYATT PREE: A mother should be with her children.
JORAH removes his sword and PYATT PREE collapses into a pile of empty clothes, an illusion. Another clone appears.
PYATT PREE:  Where will you run to, Daenerys Stormborn? Your dragons wait for you in the House of the Undying. Come see them.
DAENERYS, JORAH and KOVARRO exit.
INT: RIVERLANDS
CATELYN sits in her tent, writing. JACKS tries to enter.
JACKS: Lady Stark!
BRIENNE blocks JACKS at the door.
BRIENNE: No farther.
JACKS: Keep your hands off me, woman.
BRIENNE: Don't enter without an invitation, man.
JACKS: Forgive me. Lady Stark.
CATELYN: What is it?
JACKS: They caught the Kingslayer.
CUT TO: THE CAMP
JAIME is being led in chains by a mounted soldier, back into camp. The other soldiers assault him verbally. They jostle at one another in an attempt to make the assault physical, but his captors keep the other men away.
MAN: Kingslayer!
MAN #2: Kill the fucking Kingslayer!
MAN #3: Hang him!
MAN #4: Hang him!
MAN #5: You'll die today.
MAN #6: Justice for the Karstark.
They proceed further into the camp, but the angry soldiers eventually overpower JAIME's protectors. One man clubs him over the head and JAIME falls. The crowd gathers around to further abuse him. JAIME lies in pain. The horseman rides away, leaving JAIME in the hands of his captors, with a thick crowd behind him. They bring JAIME to his feet. He walks a few paces and then falls to his knees under the pressure of the crowd.
MAN: Gut him!
RICKARD KARSTARK swiftly approaches the crowd and draws his sword.
RICKARD KARSTARK: Get back! I want his head! Any man who stands between a father and his vengeance asks for death.
CATELYN, BRIENNE and JACKS enter.
CATELYN: Lord Karstark, this man is our prisoner.
RICKARD: This monster killed my son.
CATELYN: And crippled mine. He will answer for his crimes, I promise you, but not here.
RICKARD KARSTARK: I will have his head. And if you try and stop me
CATELYN: You will strike me down? Have you forgotten me, ser? I am the widow of your liege, Lord Eddard Stark. I am the mother of your king!
RICKARD KARSTARK: And where is our king now?
ROBB: You know very well.
RICKARD KARSTARK: He has gone to the Crag to accept the surrender. Aye, gone to the Crag, but not to negotiate. He brought that foreign bitch with him.
CATELYN: How dare you!
BRIENNE starts to draw her sword.
BRIENNE: Threatening my lady is an act of treason.
RICKARD KARSTARK: Treason? How can it be treason to kill Lannisters?
CATELYN: I understand your grief, my lord, better than most, I understand it. But in the name of my son, the King in the North, stand down.
RICKARD KARSTARK: When your son returns, I will demand this murderer's head.
CATELYN: Wise men do not make demands of kings.
RICKARD KARSTARK: Fathers who love their sons do. I will have his head.
RICKARD KARSTARK exits
JAIME: Thank you for fighting on my behalf, Lady Stark. I would have come to your defense, but
CATELYN: Take him to the stockades. Bind him with every chain you can find!
JAIME: You've become a real she-wolf in your later years. There's not much fish left in you.
CATELYN: And gag him!
INT: KING'S LANDING
CERSEI and TYRION are in her bedroom. CERSEI is lighting candles with a long straw.
TYRION: Since when do you light your own candles?
CERSEI: Since I decided that I can't stand to look at any of my handmaidens for another instant.
She blows out the flame on the straw's end.
CERSEI: How many times can you read one raven scroll?
TYRION: Stannis Baratheon's fleet has been spotted sailing north past Tarth, 200 ships.
CERSEI:  More than we have.
TYRION: Yes, that's more than we have. He'll be at our gates within five days, four if he has the wind.
CERSEI: We have strong, high walls. We'll rain fire down on them from above.
TYRION: "Rain fire on them from above." You're quoting Father, aren't you?
CERSEI: Why not? He has a good mind for strategy, doesn't he?
TYRION: Call it tactics, not strategy. But, yes, he does have a good mind for it. The best mind, some would say. Sadly, he's not here. It's just you, me and Joffrey, the Lord of the Seven Kingdoms and Protector of the Realm.
CERSEI: I'm sure you'll make a point eventually.
TYRION: He needs to start acting like a king. This war you started is coming to our doorstep. And if the entire city wants Joffrey dead
CERSEI: I'm not the one giving the boy whores to abuse.
TYRION: I thought the girls might help him.
CERSEI: Did you?
TYRION: I was wrong. If we can't control him
CERSEI: Do you think I haven't tried? He doesn't listen to me.
TYRION: It's hard to put a leash on a dog once you've put a crown on its head.
CERSEI: I always hoped he'd be like Jaime. He looks like him. In a certain light.
TYRION: The boy is more Robert than Jaime.
CESEI: Robert was a drunken fool, but he didn't enjoy cruelty. Sometimes I wonder. What? If this is the price for what we've done, for our sins.
TYRION: Sins?
CERSEI: The Targaryens Wed brother and sister for hundreds of years, I know. That's what Jaime and I would say to each other in our moments of doubt. It's what I told Ned Stark when he was stupid enough to confront me. Half the Targaryens went mad, didn't they? What's the saying? "Every time a Targaryen is born, the Gods flip a coin."
TYRION: You've beaten the odds. Tommen and Myrcella are good, decent children, both of them.
CERSEI begins to cry. TYRION approaches, perhaps to comfort her, but there is no closeness between them.
EXT: ROBB'S CAMP AT NIGHT
The soldiers mill about. Two of them are engaged in an argument.
MAN: Then why wait?
MAN #2: We're sworn to the king.
MAN: There's not a king.
MAN #2: That's treason.
MAN: So is saving Lannisters, yeah?
MAN #2: Back off, you.
MAN: No, I won't.
BRIENNE and CATELYN watch from a distance, concerned about the lack of order.
BRIENNE: Your son returns at dawn, my lady?
CATELYN: So they say.
BRIENNE: The Kingslayer won't last the night. The more they drink, the angrier they'll get. And when the Karstarks draw their swords Who wants to die defending a Lannister?
CATELYN: Come.
BRIENNE follows CATELYN. A guard leads them into JAIME's cage. He is covered in blood.
CATELYN: I need to be alone with him.
GUARD:  My lady, our orders
CATELYN: Your orders, which I just gave you, are to leave me alone with him.
The guard exists. BRIENNE moves outside the cage.
JAIME: Come to say goodbye, Lady Stark? I believe it's my last night in this world. Is that a woman?
CATELYN: Do you hear them out there? They want your head.
JAIME: Old Lord Karstark doesn't seem to like me.
CATELYN: You strangled his son with your chains.
JAIME: Oh. Oh. Was he the one on guard duty? He was in my way. Any knight would have done the same.
CATELYN: You are no knight. You have forsaken every vow you ever took.
JAIME: So many vows. They make you swear and swear. Defend the king, obey the king, obey your father, protect the innocent, defend the weak. But what if your father despises the king? What if the king massacres the innocent? It's too much. No matter what you do, you're forsaking one vow or another. Where did you find this beast?
CATELYN: She is a truer knight than you will ever be, Kingslayer.
JAIME: Kingslayer. What a king he was. Here's to Aerys Targaryen, the Second of His Name, Lord of the Seven Kingdoms, Protector of the Realm, and to the sword I shoved in his back.
CATELYN: You are a man without honor.
JAIME: Do you know, I've never been with any woman but Cersei. So in my own way, I have more honor than poor old dead Ned. What was the name of that bastard he fathered?
CATELYN: Brienne.
JAIME: No, that wasn't it. Snow, a bastard from the North. Now, when When good old Ned came home with some whore's baby, did you pretend to love it? No. You're not very good at pretending. You're an honest woman. You hated that boy, didn't you? How could you not hate him? The walking, talking reminder that the honorable Lord Eddard Stark fucked another woman.
CATELYN: (to BRIENNE) Your sword.
BRIENNE unsheathes her sword and hands it to CATELYN.
EXT: WINTERFELL
THEON address the crowd.
THEON: I told you what would happen. All of you. I told you what would happen if you served me loyally. And what would happen if you did not.
DAGMER and an iron born raider lead LUWIN through the crowd.
LUWIN: What are you doing? What have you done?
THEON: If there are any who still question whether your new lord means what he says, here is the answer to your question.
THEON gestures behind him. The raiders raise two bodies of children, hanged by their necks and burned beyond recognition. The crowd is horrified.
LUWIN: No!
THEON looks upon the bodies, and then looks down, feeling a pang of guilt.
EXT: WINTERFELL
A soldier empties a basket of dead ravens out a tower window. They collect at the feet of THEON and DAGMER.
MAN: Riders approaching!
MAR #2: Open the gate!
The gates open slowly and a band of riders canter into the courtyard. Among them is YARA, who exchanges glances with THEON before she circles him.
INT: DINING HALL OF WINTERFELL
Yara and her men have made themselves at home, feasting and sitting leisurely at the table. THEON enters.
YARA: Why, it's the Prince of Winterfell.
The men laugh.
THEON: Envy isn't attractive.
YARA:  What envy?
THEON: You should be proud of your brother's achievement. I took the great castle of Winterfell with 20 men.
YARA: You're a great warrior. I saw the bodies above your gates. Which one gave you the tougher fight, the cripple or the six-year-old?
THEON: I treated the Stark boys with honor, and they repaid me with treachery.
YARA: You treated them with honor? By butchering them?
YARA: You seized their home, as is your right. We're ironborn, we take what we need.
THEON: Exactly.
YARA: Then you made them prisoners in their home and they ran away. Is that treachery? I'd call it bravery.
THEON: They made me a promise
YARA: Your little boy prisoners made you a promise and you got mad when they broke it? Are you the dumbest cunt alive?
THEON: Don't call me
YARA: A cunt. A dumb cunt who killed the only two Starks in Winterfell. You know how valuable those boys were?
THEON: If I hadn't killed them, the Northerners would think me weak.
YARA: You are weak. And you're stupid.
THEON: I'm warning you.
YARA: Go on, then. Warn me.
THEON pauses.
THEON: You haven't brought enough men. How am I supposed to defend Winterfell with just this lot?
YARA: You're not. I've come to bring you home. Father wants a word.
THEON: Is this a joke? Winterfell is the heart of the North.
YARA: Aye, it is, hundreds of miles from the sea. We're islanders, baby brother. Had you forgotten that? Our power comes from our ships. And now that you've decorated your walls with the bodies of the Stark boys, every man in the North wants to see you hanged. When Robb Stark finds out
THEON: He won't find out. We've killed all the ravens. We have all the horses. I've taken Winterfell. And I will keep Winterfell.
YARA: (to her men) Leave us.
Her ironborn men get up from the table and exit. YARA gets up and faces THEON.
YARA: Theon, you're my blood. We both loved our mother. We both endured our father. Come home with me. Don't die here alone.
THEON: I don't intend to die.
YARA: You were a terrible baby, do you know that? Bawling all the time, never sleeping. And one night, you just wouldn't shut up, screaming like a dying pig. I walked over to your crib, I looked down at you. I wanted to strangle you. And you looked up at me and you stopped screaming. You smiled at me. Don't die so far from the sea.
YARA exits.
EXT: NORTH OF THE WALL
A party of wildlings, including JON and YGRITTE cross a frozen lake, joining a large band nearer the shore. The LORD OF BONES walks forward to meet them.
YGRITTE: I've brought you a present, Lord of Bones.
LORD OF BONES: I already got one crow. Don't need two.
YGRITTE: Mance will want to question this one. Knows all about where the crows are and what they're planning.
LORD OF BONES:The Halfhand knows more. This one is just a little boy. Gut him.
YGRITTE: He could have killed me half a dozen times.
LORD OF BONES: And now he wishes he did. Gut him.
A wildling draws a knife at the command.
YGRITTE: He's a bastard of Winterfell, Ned Stark's son.
LORD OF BONES turns around.  Mance will want him.
LORD OF BONES: What does Mance want with a dead man's bastard?
YGRITTE: I don't know. I think he'll want to decide for himself.
The LORD OF BONES walks to face YGRITTE
LORD OF BONES: He runs, I'll chop his balls off.
YGRITTE: He runs, I'll do it meself.
The LORD OF BONES walks away.
YGRITTE: We're even now, Jon Snow.
YGRITTE exits. The wildlings force JON down on his knees, next to QHORIN, who also been captured.
JON: I couldn't do it. I had the sword on her neck, I just couldn't
QHORIN: I know.
JON: The others?
QHORIN: When you didn't come back, we went looking for you. We found your tracks fast enough. But they found us before we found you.
JON: They died because of me.
QHORIN: See that it wasn't for nothing.
Two wildlings approach, and lift QHORIN to his feet.
WILDLING: All right, up, lad.
WILDLING #2: Come on, on your feet, now. Move it.
EXT: WOODS IN THE RIVERLANDS
ROBB and TALISA walk through the trees as the sun sets, followed by soldiers and horses.
TALISA: Is she beautiful?
ROBB:  I've never met her.
TALISA: What's her name?
ROBB: Frey, I suppose. I don't know her first name.
TALISA: I'm sure you'll be very happy.
They laugh together.
TALISA: And you're marrying her for a bridge?
ROBB: An important bridge.
TALISA:  Ah.
ROBB: It was before they killed my father. I still thought I could march south and rescue him in time, but only if I crossed that bridge.
TALISA: When I speak to people from the North, they all loved your father.
ROBB: He was the best man I ever met. I know children always think that about their fathers, but
TALISA: Children do not always think that about their fathers, believe me.
ROBB: He once told me that being a lord is like being a father, except you have thousands of children and you worry about all of them. The farmers plowing the fields are yours to protect. The charwomen scrubbing the floors, yours to protect. The soldiers you order into battle. He told me he woke with fear in the morning and went to bed with fear in the night. I didn't believe him. I asked him, "How can a man be brave if he's afraid?" "That is the only time a man can be brave," he told me.
TALISA: I wish I could have met him.
ROBB: He would have liked you.
TALISA: (chuckles) Most lords worry more about their gold and their glory than the charwomen scrubbing their floors.
ROBB: He didn't care much about gold or glory.
TALISA:  And you? You think I'm fighting this war so they'll sing songs about me? I want to go home. I want the men following me to go home.
TALISA: Then why don't you?
ROBB: Because we'll never be safe until the Lannisters are defeated. And because I believe in justice.
TALISA: Chopping off Joffrey's head, you mean.
ROBB: That would be a start.
Riders appraoch.
RIDER: Your Grace, milady. The Kingslayer, he escaped in the night.
ROBB: How? How?
INT: CATELYN'S TENT
ROBB enters, finding CATELYN at her desk.
ROBB: Tell me this isn't true.
CATELYN doesn't answer. She looks up at him.
ROBB: Why?
CATELYN: For the girls.
-ROBB: You betrayed me.
CATELYN: Robb
ROBB: No! You knew I would not allow it and you did it anyway.
CATELYN: Bran and Rickon are captives in Winterfell. Sansa and Arya are captives in King's Landing. I have five children, and only one of them is free.
RICKARD KARSTARK: I lost one son fighting by your son's side. I lost another to the Kingslayer, strangled with a chain. You commit treason because your children are prisoners? I would carve out my heart and offer it to the Father, if he would let my sons wake from their graves and step into a prison cell.
CATELYN:  I grieve for your sons, my lord.
RICKARD KARSTARK: I don't want your grief. I want my vengeance. And you stole it from me.
CATELYN : Killing Jaime Lannister would not buy life for your children, but returning him to King's Landing may buy life for mine.
ROBB: Jaime Lannister has played you for a fool. You've weakened our position. You've brought discord into our camp. And you did it all behind my back. Make sure she's guarded day and night.
CATELYN: Robb. How many men did we send in pursuit of the Kingslayer?
SOLDIER: Forty, Your Grace.
ROBB: Send another 40 with our fastest horses.
CATELYN: Robb.
ROBB exits.
EXT: RIVERLANDS WOODS.
A white horse gallops over a small hill, riderless. Nearby, BRIENNE pushes JAIME off his mount, hooded and chained. She sends the horse off. She helps him up
JAIME: Damn.
She unhoods him. and helps him tstand.
JAIME: You're much uglier in daylight. What's your name? I'm Jaime Lannister of Casterly Rock, son of Tywin.
BRIENNE leads the chained JAIME forward.
JAIME: A captive knight has a right to know his captor's identity.
BRIENNE: Brienne of Tarth.
JAIME: Tarth, Tarth, Tarth. Crescent moons and starbursts. Lord Selwyn Tarth. Your father. Do you have any brothers and sisters, my lady? It's a long way to King's Landing. Might as well get to know one another.
JAIME: Have you known many men? I suppose not. Women? Horses? Ah.
BIRENNE forces him down to his knees on the riverbank. A canoe sits nearby.
JAIME: I didn't mean to give offense, my lady. Forgive me.
BRIENNE looks off down the river, concerned of being seen.
BRINENNE: Your crimes are past forgiveness, Kingslayer.
JAIME: Why do you hate me so much? Have I ever harmed you?
BRINENNE: You've harmed others, those you were sworn to protect, the weak, the innocent.
JAIME: Has anyone ever told you you're as boring as you are ugly?
BRIENNE pulls JAIME up and leads him to the river's edge.
BRINENNE: You will not provoke me to anger.
JAIME: I already have. Look at you. You're ready to chop my head off. Do you think you could? Do you think you could beat me in a fair fight?
BRINENNE:  I've never seen you fight.
JAIME: The answer is no. There are three men in the kingdoms who might have a chance against me. You're not one of them.
BRIENNE: All my life men like you have sneered at me. And all my life I've been knocking men like you into the dust.
JAIME: If you're so confident, unlock my chains. Let's see what happens.
BRINENNE: Do you take me for an idiot? In!
JAIME enters the canoe and lies down. BRIENNE boards as well and sits in the stern.
JAIME: I took you for a fighter, a man Pardon. Woman of honor. Was I wrong? You're afraid.
BRINENNE: Maybe one day we'll find out, Kingslayer.
BRIENNE launches the canoe and paddles it downstream.
INT: CASTLE RUINS IN THE SHADOWLANDS
TYWIN sits in council with KEVAN LANNISTER and other Lannister bannermen. ARYA attends to them, and listens intently
KEVAN: King's Landing will fall an hour after Stannis lands his force. It's not too late for King Joffrey and Cersei and the court to ride west to safety.
TYWIN: Surrender the Iron Throne?
KEVAN: Better than seeing their heads mounted on the city gates. Stannis will execute them all.
TYWIN: No, a king who runs will not be king for long. He's a Lannister. He'll stand and fight. Stannis, two days from the capital and the wolf at my doorstep.
KEVAN: The scouts assure us Robb Stark remains north of Ashemark.
TYWIN: Ha! The last time the scouts assured us of Stark's movement, he lured us into a trap. Which is why my son is his prisoner.
ARYA serves win to the table
TWYIN: Too close to Casterly Rock.
KEVAN: He sent a splinter force to recapture Winterfell. The Greyjoys have done us a great favor. Stark won't risk marching on Casterly Rock until he's at full force.
TYWIN: He's a boy and he's never lost a battle. He'll risk anything at any time because he doesn't know enough to be afraid.
TYWIN ponders for a while by the hearth. He makes his decision.
TYWIN: We'll ride at nightfall. I want a full night's march before he knows we're on the move. Clegane, you'll maintain a garrison here at Harrenhal. Track down this brotherhood and destroy them. The girl has proven herself a good servant. She'll stay on with you. See that he doesn't get drunk in the evenings. He's poor company when he's sober, but he's better at his work.
ARYA looks worried.
EXT: CASTLE RUINS IN THE SHADOWLANDS
ARYA walks through the dismal courtyard. Soldiers torture their prisoners.
GUARD: You've got some questions to answer.
MAN: Who killed Ser Amory?
MAN #2: I don't know! Please!
MAN: Give me the name. Take this one out for the crows.
MAN #2: I told you, I don't know. Please.
ARYA comes across RORGE, and BITER, sitting with some Lannister soldiers.
RORGE: Look, it's Yoren's little cunt. Used to be a boy, now it's a girl.
ARYA: Where's Jaqen?
RORGE: Don't care. Where's your stick now, bitch? I promised to fuck you with it.
GUARD: Come on, time to kill some wolves.
They stand. Both RORGE and BITER eye ARYA as they walk past.
CUT TO: THE FORGE
HOT PIE sits talking while GENDRY works some horse shoes, listless.
HOT PIE: You need sour cherries to make it right. And the secret is you dry the stones, and then you break them with a mallet. That's where the real flavor is. You crush 'em up real fine. And then when you're finished, you sprinkle them over the piecrust.
ARYA enters.
ARYA: Where's Jaqen?
HOT PIE: How would I know?
ARYA: I need him now. Lord Tywin's marching tonight.
GENDRY: You need him?
ARYA:  He's helping me.
HOT PIE: I saw him.
ARYA: Where?
HOT PIE shrugs and pops his pastry in his mouth. ARYA comes over and grabs his ears.
ARYA: Where?
HOT PIE: Ow!
ARYA: Where?
HOT PIE: They went riding out the gates a few hours ago.
ARYA tightens her grip.
HOT PIE: On patrol. Let go of my ears.
She does. ARYA turns at sound of horses, and watches TYWIN mount. She walks towards him
HOT PIE: What do you want with him anyway?
ARYA watches TYWIN and his men ride off.
EXT: THE NORTH
QUORIN: Mance is gonna march on the Wall. When he does, one brother inside his army will be worth 1,000 fighting against it.
JON: They'll never trust me.
QUORIN: They might. If you do what needs to be done.
JON: What?
QUORIN: (yelling) How does it feel knowing those men all died so you could skip through the snow with your little savage girl?
JON: I didn't.
QUORIN:  I should have known better, trusting a traitor's bastard.
QHORIN pushes Jon roughly, sending him tumbling down the side of the hill. The LORD OF BONES confronts QUORIN
LORD OF BONES: He's not yours to kill, crow.
The LORD OF BONES pushes QHORIN forward. YGRITTE pauses and looks sympathetically down the slope at JON, reconsidering him. JON sits up and looks back at her.
INT: KING'S LANDING
BRONN and TYRION sit in his chambers. TYRION is attempting to read, but he is annoyed by BRONN's fingernail scraping with a compass.  TYRION; Do you have to do that here?
BRONN: I like to keep me hands clean.
TYRION: Yes, but do you have to do it here?
BRONN looks at TYRION, then throws the compass down on the desk in front of him.
TYRION: You should start wearing the gold cloak.
BRONN: I don't want to wear a gold cloak.
TYRION: You're commander of the City Watch. You shouldn't be dressed like a common
BRONN: A cloak slows you down in a fight. Makes it hard to move quietly. And the gold catches the light, so you're nice and easy to spot at night.
TYRION: Well, you're not sneaking through alleyways any longer. You're supposed to stand out.
BRONN: We had a deal and wearing a gold cloak wasn't part of it.
TYRION: Fine, fine. No gold cloak.
TYRION goes back to his work. BRONN sucks his teeth and drums his finger, continuing to look at TYRION.
TYRION: What?
BRONN:  What?
TYRION: What? What? Why are you staring at me?
BRONN: (scoffs) You don't want me cleaning me nails. You don't want me looking your way. Why am I here?
TYRION: To help me plan the defense of King's Landing.
BRONN laughs as he stands up, and begins to pace around.
TYRION: Stannis will be here any day.
BRONN picks up a book from the pile as he walks past.
BRONN: And one of these explains how to beat him?
TYRION gestures to the volume that he is reading.
TYRION: "An History of the Great Sieges of Westeros. " By Archmaester Shevelathin. Shevelatesh.
BRONN: Chevalteesh. I'd swap all your books for a few good archers.
VARYS enters.
VARYS: My Lord Hand. Commander. I must compliment you on the gold cloaks' performance these last few weeks. Did you know there has been a marked drop in thievery?
He sits.
TYRION: I did not know. And how did you accomplish this marked drop in thievery?
BRONN: Me and the lads rounded up all the known thieves.
TYRION: For questioning?
BRONN: No. It's just the unknown thieves we need to worry about now.
TYRION: We talked about this.
BRONN: Aye, we talked about it. Have you ever been in a city under siege? Maybe this part's not in your books. See, it's not the fighting that kills most people. It's the starving. Food's worth more than gold. Noble ladies sell their diamonds for a sack of potatoes. Things get bad enough, the poor start eating each other.
BRONN sits back down at the table.
BRONN: The thieves, they love a siege. Soon as the gates are sealed, they steal all the food. By the time it's all over, they're the richest men in town.
VARYS: Given the circumstances, my lord, I believe extreme measures are warranted.
BRONN: (nods)
VARYS: Ah. "The Great Sieges of Westeros." Thrilling subject. Shame Archmaester Ch'Vyalthan wasn't a better writer.
TYRION grabs a parchment and unrolls it.
TYRION: Stannis knows King's Landing. He knows where the walls are strongest, and he knows which gates are weakest. The Mud Gate. A good ram will batter it down in minutes, and it's only 50 yards from the water. That's where he'll land.
VARYS: And if Stannis does attack the Mud Gate, what is our plan?
BRONN: We could throw books at his men.
VARYS: We don't have that many books.
BRONN: We don't have that many men, either.
VARYS: What do we have?
TYRION: Pig shit.
EXT: THE FAR NORTH
The Night's Watch camps on the top of a cliff. The wind howls. GRENN, EDDISION TOLLETT and SAM dig in the snow.
SAM: (panting) I'm not cut out for this sort of work.
SAM sits down to rest. The others continue to dig.
EDDISON: I always imagined meself doing something much worse.
GRENN: We're digging latrine pits at the end of the world. I can't imagine anything much worse.
EDDISON: You lack imagination.
SAM: Where do you think Jon is right now?
EDDISION: He went off with the Halfhand. He didn't come back. A betting man would go with dead.
SAM: He's not dead. No, Jon's a great fighter.
GRENN: Well, he's better than me and a lot better than you.
SAM: He's got a Valyrian steel sword.
EDDISION: So did his father.
SAM: And Qhorin Halfhand is the greatest ranger alive.
EDDISON: Great rangers never get old is the problem. Shit ones neither. It's them in the middle that last a long time.
GRENN's shovel clangs against something metal.
GRENN: What in seven hells is that?
He plants his shovel and starts digging and clearing with his hands. SAM comes over to see. GRENN reveals a round stone cover, engraved with markings.
SAM: The First Men made these marks. Help me with it.
GRENN lifts the cover and finds a bundle wrapped in a cloak.
GRENN: Look.
EDDISION: If you find something you're not supposed to, best thing to do is pretend you've never seen it.
SAM: That's a Night's Watch cloak.
GRENN: It's been here a long time.
GRENN opens the bundle to reveal a set of obsidian knifes.
SAM: Oh. Must be dragonglass.
GRENN: Dragonglass?
SAM: The maesters call it obsidian.
GRENN: Why would a brother hide it here?
EDDISON: I expect it's 'cause he wanted somebody to find it.
EXT: HARRENHALL COURTYARD
ARYA caries a yoke with two buckets of water. She bumps into a Lannister soldier, and the contraption falls, spilling her load.
SOLDIER: Mind where you're going.
The SOLDIER smacks her across the head. ARYA looks dejected and crouches to pick up the empty bucket.  A SOLDIER stops next to her.
ARYA: I'm sorry. I'll
ARYA stands, and realized that it is JAQEN.
ARYA: (annoyed) Where were you?
JAQEN: A man has patrol duty.
ARYA: Tywin Lannister was right here, and now he's gone.
JAQEN: A girl owes one more name. The Red God demands it. Give the man a name.
ARYA: How long after I give you the name does it take you to kill someone?
JAQEN: A minute, an hour, a month. Death is certain, the time is not.
JAQEN puts down his helmet and sits.
ARYA: He's taking his army to attack my brother. I need him dead right now.
JAQEN: This a man cannot do.
He pours some water from a pitcher, and drinks.
ARYA: You promised you'd help me.
JAQEN: Help was not promised, lovely girl. Only death. There must be others. Give a name, any name.
ARYA: And you'll kill them? Anybody?
JAQEN: By the Seven New Gods and the Old Gods beyond counting, I swear it.
ARYA: All right. Jaqen H'ghar.
JAQEN considers.
JAQEN: A girl gives a man his own name?
ARYA:  That's right.
JAQEN:  Gods are not mocked. This is no joking thing.
ARYA:  I'm not joking. A man can go kill himself.
JAQEN:  Un-name me.
ARYA: No.
JAQEN:  Please?
ARYA: I'll un-name you.
JAQEN:  Thank you.
ARYA:  If you help me and my friends escape.
JAQEN: This would require more than one life. This is not part of our bargain.
ARYA: Fine, Jaqen H'ghar.
JAQEN: A girl lacks honor. If I do this thing, a girl must obey.
ARYA: A girl will obey.
JAQEN: A girl and her friends will walk through the gate at midnight.
JAQEN exits.
INT: KING'S LANDING
CERSEI'S CHAMBERS
PODRICK pours wine for TYRION, who is seated at a table. CERSEI stands in the background.
TYRION: Thank you, Podrick.
CERSEI: Odd little boy.
TYRION: I have a certain sympathy for odd little boys.
CERSEI: You and Varys both.
TYRION removes his napkin from his neck and wipes his face.
TYRION: Excellent lamprey pie. Were you slaving away in the kitchen all day? I hear Joffrey plans on fighting. An inspiration for the troops. The young king in his shining armor fighting to defend the capital against the wicked old rebel.
CERSEI: He's only a boy.
TYRION: Younger boys are off fighting his war.
CERSEI: He's not ready.
TYRION: What is he, 17? Remember Jaime at 17?
CERSEI: Better than you. Some men have a gift for this sort of thing, some don't. His place is not on the battlefield.
TYRION: It's not on the throne, either, sadly for all of us.
PODRICK snickers.
CERSEI: Do you think I'm an idiot?
TYRION: No, I'd say you possess above-average intelligence.
CERSEI: You shipped off my only daughter. And now you want to send my eldest son to the battlefield to die.
TYRION: He'll have his Kingsguard protecting him. He has the finest armor gold can buy. He needs to be out there. The men will fight more fiercely seeing their king fighting beside them instead of hiding behind his mother's skirts. Any dessert?
CERSEI: Do you know why Varys is so dangerous?
TYRION: Because he has thousands of spies in his employ. Because he knows everything we do before we do it.
CERSEI: Because he doesn't have a cock.
TYRION: Neither do you.
CERSEI: Perhaps I'm dangerous, too. You, on the other hand, are as big a fool as every other man. That little worm between your legs does half your thinking.
TYRION: It's not that little.
CERSEI: (laughs)
TYRION: Why are you smiling?
CERSEI: Because I'm happy.
TYRION: And why are you happy?
She sits.
CERSEI: Because I have your little whore.
TYRION: I thought you preferred blondes.
CERSEI: Such a droll little fellow. Tell me, have you married this one yet? No? Good. Father will be so pleased.
TYRION: Why do you care who I fuck?
CERSEI: Because a Lannister always pays her debts. You stole my only daughter, you plot to have Joffrey killed.
TYRION: This is madness. Stannis will be here in days. You need me.
CERSEI: For what? Your skill in battle? Pretty thing, your whore. Lovely body. The bruises will heal in time.
TYRION: Where did you find her?
CERSEI: Varys isn't the only one who hears whispers. Really, a Lannister lion necklace? You need to hide your secret whores more carefully.
TYRION: You've forgotten the most important thing about whores.
CERSEI: Oh? Well, you're the expert. Tell me.
TYRION: You don't buy them, you only rent them.
CERSEI: You're usually a better liar, baby brother. This one you like. You like her very much. Could it be love? Don't worry, she'll be treated gently enough. Unless Joffrey is hurt. And then every wound he suffers, she'll suffer, too. And if he dies, there isn't a man alive who could devise a more painful death for your little cunt.
TYRION: And how do I know you haven't killed her already?
CERSEI: Would you like to see her? I thought you might. Ser Mandon, bring in my brother's whore.
MANDON moves behind her and opens the chamber door. TYRION looks worried. Two guards bring in ROS, rather than SHAE.  TYRION looks her over.
TYRION: I'm sorry they hurt you. You must be brave.
TYRION takes her hand.
TYRION: I promise I will free you.
WHORE: Don't forget me.
TYRION: Never.
The guards take her away. CERSEI looks pleased.
TYRION: I will hurt you for this. A day will come when you think you're safe and happy, and your joy will turn to ashes in your mouth. And you will know the debt is paid.
CERSEI: Get out.
INT: KING'S LANDING
TYRION walks through the hallway and bursts into his chambers.
TYRION: Shae!
SHAE: I've been waiting all night. What is wrong?
TRION: You're beautiful.
SHAE smiles and kisses him.
SHAE: Then why do you look sad?
TYRION kneels before her.
TYRION: We have to be more careful.
SHAE: Don't be afraid. I can take care of myself.
TYRION: There are people who want to hurt me.
SHAE: I know. I won't let them. I'll cut off their faces. I will.
TYRION: I would kill for you. Do you know that? I expect I'll have to before this is over. You're mine.
SHAE: I'm yours.
TYRION: Promise me.
SHAE: I'm yours, and you are mine.
They kiss.
INT: THE RIVERLANDS
ROBB and ROOSE sit in conference.
ROBB: Still no word?
ROOSE: We've sent a dozen ravens. None have returned. My bastard is only a few days from Winterfell. Once he captures the castle
ROBB: Theon has my brothers. If we storm the castle
ROOSE: He wouldn't dare hurt the boys. They're his only hope of escaping the North with his head.
ROBB: Send word to your son. Any ironborn who surrender will be allowed to return safely to their homes.
ROOSE: A touch of mercy is a virtue, Your Grace. Too much
ROBB: Any ironborn with the exception of Theon Greyjoy. He betrayed our cause. He betrayed me. And we will hunt him down no matter where he runs.
ROOSE: I expect his countrymen will turn on him the minute they hear the offer.
TALISA enters. They stand
TALISA: Your pardon, my lord. Your Grace.
ROOSE: My lady.
ROOSE exits.
TALISA: How are you?
ROBB: How am I? I've had to arrest my mother. The Lannisters have my sisters. The man I considered my closest friend has seized my home and my brothers. I'm fighting a war and I don't know if I should march south or north.
TALISA: I'm sorry. It was a stupid question. I'm sorry.
ROBB: No. Forgive me. You're being kind. I have no right.
TALISA: You have every right. You're a king.
ROBB: That's not the kind of king I want to be.
TALISA: What kind do you want to be?
ROBB: I don't know. The good kind. Most kings grew up as princes. They spend their whole lives preparing for the crown. I was raised to be Lord of Winterfell.
TALISA: I was raised to be a proper little lady, to play the harp and dance the latest steps and recite Valyrian poetry.
ROBB: I'd like to hear you play the harp.
TALISA: No. No, you would not.
They laugh. Robb pours some wine and hands it to her.
ROBB: How did you go from reciting Valyrian poetry to sawing off men's feet?
TALISA: When I was 12, my mother and father went to a wedding. Weddings in Volantis last for days, you know. And they left me with my little brother. The second afternoon they were gone was the hottest day in the three-year summer. We couldn't bear to be inside, so we ran down to the Rhoyne. Every child in Volantis was in the Rhoyne that day. The rich, the poor, we were all there. Naked, screaming, racing to the little islands. Drummers were playing for coppers on the east bank. I was treading water, talking to a friend, when I realized I hadn't seen my brother. I called his name. Then I started screaming his name. And then I saw him floating face down. My heart just stopped. I was I dragged him from the water. My friend helped me, I think. I don't even remember. He was so little. Then we pulled him onto the riverbank. And I screamed at him and I shook him. And he was dead. Just dead. A man ran over. He had a fish tattoo on his face. In Volantis, the slaves have tattoos. So you know what they are without having to talk to them. And this man worked on a fishing boat. And he pushed me out of the way. You have to understand, for a slave to push a highborn girl, that's death for the man, a terrible death. But he pushed me out of the way, and he started pressing on my brother's chest again and again and again, until my brother spat out half of the Rhoyne and cried out. And the man cradled his head and told him to be calm. I decided two things that day. I would not waste my years planning dances and masquerades with the other noble ladies. And when I came of age, I would never live in a slave city again. I'm sorry, Your Grace. You told me of your problems and I've blathered on.
They both stand.
ROBB: I don't want to marry the Frey girl.
TALISA: I don't want you to marry her.
ROBB: But you needed that bridge. I hope it's a very beautiful bridge.
They kiss passionately, and undress one another in a fury. They make love on the floor.
EXT: THE SHADOWLANDS
The courtyard at night.
HOT PIE: The sour cherries was all crushed up and ready.
GENDRY: Shut up.
HOT PIE: Probably in the piecrust by now. In the oven. The nice, warm oven.
AYRA: Shut up. What did you bring?
HOT PIE: The cheese could be better. I did get some nice sausages. GENDRY What did he want us to do about those guards?
ARYA: He didn't say. He just said, "Walk through the gates."
GENDRY: What about the guards?
ARYA: He didn't say anything about the guards.
GENDRY: What, he left that bit out? It's a pretty important part, don't you think?
ARYA: We have to trust him.
GENDRY: Trust him? You trusted him to fight with us when you set him free and he ran.
HOT PIE: I want to go back to the kitchens.
ARYA: Shut up. Stay here if you're afraid.
ARYA gets up and walks towards the gate.
GENDRY: Arry, don't.
GENDRY and HOT PIE follow. When they reach the guards, they realize that all have been slaughtered. They walk through the gate.
EXT: STANNIS'S FLEET
Soldiers fire a large crossbow in the night.
MAN: Away! Reset!
DAVOS and STANNIS stand on deck.
DAVOS: If the wind holds, we'll reach King's Landing in a day.
STANNIS: Will it hold?
DAVOS: Can't make promises for the wind, Your Grace.
They walk down some steps to the main deck and continue on.
MAN: Again, pull!
STANNIS: I admire you, Ser Davos.
DAVOS: I thank you, Your Grace.
STANNIS: Pleased to hear it. Some highborn fools call you Onion Knight and think they insult you. So you take the onion for your sigil, sew it on your coat, fly the onion flag.
DAVOS: My son wishes me to change it. Three mermen with tridents, something like that. I understand why the older families look down at me.
STANNIS: Do you? Why?
DAVOS: My father was a crabber.
STANNIS: And?
DAVOS:  Well, sons of lords don't like to break bread with sons of crabbers. Our hands stink.
STANNIS: And where were those lords when Storm's End starved?
DAVOS: Many fought bravely for your brother. Many fought for the Mad King.
STANNIS: You defend these men who insult you behind your back.
DAVOS: Some are happy to do it to my face.
STANNIS: We were forgotten. Robert and Ned Stark, they were the heroes. The glorious rebels marching from battle to battle, liberating towns from the yoke of the Mad King, while I held Storm's End with 500 men.
DAVOS: No one has forgotten, Your Grace.
STANNIS:  No? Robert did. He gave Storm's End to Renly after the war. Renly never fought a day in his life.
DAVOS: He was only a boy.
STANNIS:  Then why'd he give him Storm's End?
DAVOS: (exhales)
STANNIS: First, we ate the horses. We weren't riding anywhere, not with the castle surrounded. We couldn't feed them, so fine, the horses. Then the cats. Never liked cats. So fine. I do like dogs. Good animals. Loyal. But we ate them. Then the rats. The night before you slipped through, I thought my wife was dying. She couldn't speak anymore, she was so frail. And then you made it through the lines. Slipped right through in your little black sailboat with your onions.
DAVOS: And potatoes. Some salted beef, I believe.
STANNIS:  Every man in Storm's End wanted to kiss you that night.
DAVOS: I was relieved they did not.
STANNIS: Robert told me to hold Storm's End, so I held it. Then he told me he was giving it to Renly, so I gave it up. Insult or no, I gave it up. Because Robert was my older brother, and he was the king and I've always done my duty. But now, I'm the rightful king by every law of Westeros. And when I sit the Iron Throne, you'll be my Hand.
DAVOS: Your Grace, I pray I serve you well.
STANNIS: I expect you'll be the first crabber's son to wear the badge.
EXT: KING'S LANDING
JOFFREY, VARYS and TYRION walk through the streets of King's Landing
JOFFREY: You're the Master of Whisperers. You're supposed to know everything.
VARYS: No man can be in all rooms at all times. I have many little birds in the North, my lord, but I haven't heard their songs since Theon Greyjoy captured Winterfell.
JOFFREY: The Stark forces are distracted. Now is the time to strike.
TYRION: To strike? My dear nephew, you do see these men preparing the walls for siege? You do understand Stannis Baratheon sails this way?
JOFFREY: If my Uncle Stannis lands on the shores of King's Landing, I'll ride out to greet him.
TYRION: A brave choice, Your Grace. I'm sure your men will line up behind you.
JOFFREY: They say Stannis never smiles. I'll give him a red smile from ear to ear.
JOFFREY exits.
TYRION: Imagine Stannis' terror.
VARYS: I am trying.
TYRION: You're an intelligent man. I'd like to think I'm an intelligent man.
VARYS: Oh, no one disputes that, my lord, not even the multitudes who despise you.
TYRION: I wish we could converse as two honest, intelligent men.
VARYS: I wish we could, too.
TYRION: What do you want? Tell me.
VARYS: If we're going to play, you'll have to start.
TYRION: My brother was the youngest Kingsguard in history. My sister became queen at the age of 19. When I reached manhood, my father put me in charge of all the drains and cisterns in Casterly Rock.
VARYS: A most highborn plumber.
TYRION: The water never flowed better. And all the shit found its way to the sea. I never expected to have any real power. So when my father named me acting Hand
TYRION:  I do. Last thing I expected.
VARYS: And you play it well.
TYRION: I'd like to keep playing it. If Stannis breaches the gates, the game is over.
VARYS: They say he burns his enemies alive to honor the Lord of Light.
TYRION:  The Lord of Light wants his enemies burned, the Drowned God wants them drowned. Why are all the gods such vicious cunts? Where is the god of tits and wine?
VARYS: In the Summer Isles, they worship a fertility goddess with 16 teats.
TYRION: We should sail there immediately.
VARYS: This morning, I heard a song all the way from Qarth beyond the Red Waste. Daenerys Targaryen lives.
TYRION: A girl at the edge of the world is the least of our problems.
VARYS: She has three dragons. But even if what they say is true, it'll be years before they are fully grown. And then there will be nowhere to hide.
TYRION: One game at a time, my friend.
EXT: QARTH
DAENERYS peers through a boarded entryway
JORAH: Careful, Khaleesi. Xaro owns this city and the warlocks have a thousand eyes watching for you. I found one. A ship with a good captain. She leaves for Astapor tomorrow.
DAENERYS: Astapor?
JORAH: We cannot stay here.
DAENERYS: They have my dragons. A mother does not flee without her children.
JORAH: They're not your children. I know they call you the Mother of Dragons and I know you love them, but you didn't grow them in your womb. They didn't suckle at your breast. They are dragons, Khaleesi. And if we stay in Qarth, we'll die.
DAENERYS: You should sail to Astapor. I'm sure you'll be safe there.
JORAH: You know I would die for you. I will never abandon you. I'm sworn to protect you, to serve.
DAENERYS: Then serve me. If my dragons are in the House of the Undying, then take me there.
JORAH: That's what the warlock wants. He told you so himself. If you enter that place, you will never leave again. His magic is strong.
DAENERYS:  And what of my magic? You saw me step into the fire. You watched the witch burn. What did the flames do to me? Do you remember?
JORAH: Until my last breath, I will remember. After I have forgotten my mother's face.
DAENERYS touches JORAH's face.
DAENERYS: They are my children. And they are the only children I will ever have. Take me to them.
JORAH: (nods)
EXT: WINTERFELL
THEON: We should bury them.
DAGMER: I'd leave 'em up a few more days. Sends a message.
THEON: If they haven't got the damn message yet, a few more days won't help. As you say. But it don't hurt to let 'em rot a while longer.
DAGMER: What's this?
THEON: Gold for the farmer. For his trouble.
DAGMER: His troubles are done. He's feeding the crops now.
LUWIN approaches and exchanges a glance with OSHA. She ducks into an entryway. LUWIN looks at THEON and DAGMER.
DAGMER: His wife, too. You want to keep a man silent, you silence him.
LUWIN walks over to look at the burned bodies of BRAN and RICKON.
CUT TO: DARKNESS
OSHA lights a candle.
OSHA: Got as far as the farm and then doubled back. Walked through the stream to throw off the hounds. Hoped this would be the last place they'd think to look.
LUWIN: You're right so far.
OSHA: Who was that out there hung up at the gates?
LUWIN: Must have been the farmer's boys.
OSHA: He killed them and burned them and passed them off as the little lords?
LUWIN: They mustn't know. Bran would blame himself.
OSHA: They'll never hear it from me. The little lads have suffered enough.
BRAN sits just out of sight, having heard everything. HODOR and RICKON sleep.
EXT. THE SEA AT NIGHT
STANNIS's fleet sails through the night.
DAVOS walks the deck, and looks out the stern at the rest of the ships.
CUT TO: STANNIS looks ahead
CUT TO: Soldiers sitting below, tired and waiting. One vomits from sea sickness.
CUT TO: MATTHOS and DAVOS above deck.
MATTHOS: That's it. The tide's against us.
DAVOS: Aye, but we have the wind. She'll blow us straight to the gates.
MATTHOS: You're coming home.
DAVOS: King's Landing hasn't been home for 20 years. I spent most of my life dodging the royal fleet. And now I'm sailing right at them.
MATTHOS: This is the royal fleet. And you're not a smuggler anymore, you're the high captain.
DAVOS: Of course, there are several royal fleets at the moment.
MATTHOS: Not after tonight. When the sun rises, Stannis will sit on the Iron Throne and you will be his Hand.
DAVOS: Gods be good.
MATTHOS: God. Father, there is only one and he watches over us.
DAVOS: But not over them?
MATTHOS: Over all of us. The people of King's Landing did not choose the false king, Joffrey Baratheon. They will be glad to see his head on a spike.
DAVOS: Well, first, we have to put it there.
MATTHOS: Our ships outnumber theirs 10-to-1.
DAVOS: Our army outnumber theirs 5-to-1. Those walls have never been breached, and the men guarding the walls, when they see you, they don't see a liberator, they see a stranger come to set their city on fire.
MATTHOS: I have faith in the Lord of Light. I have faith in our cause. And I have faith in my captain.
INT: KING'S LANDING AT NIGHT
TYRION and SHAE lie in bed in his chambers.
SHAE: Are you afraid, my lion?
TYRION: If the city falls, Stannis will burn every Lannister he can find. Of course I'm afraid.
SHAE: I won't let them hurt you.
TYRION: I'm a Lannister. I don't have a choice in all this. But it's not your war.
SHAE sits astride him.
SHAE: It is now.
TYRION: You can't fuck your way out of everything.
SHAE: I have so far. Do you remember what you said when you met me in your tent? That I should make love to you like it was your last day on this earth.
They kiss.
INT: CERSEI'S CHAMBERS
CERSEI looks out her window.
PYCELLE: As you know, Your Grace, it is not only the sworn duty of a maester to carry out the wishes of the house he serves, but also to offer guidance and counsel in times of war.
CERSEI: Your words are always wise and measured.
CERSEI: You brought me something?
PYCELLE: Yes. Essence of nightshade is as dangerous as it is efficacious. A single drop in a cup of wine suffices to soothe ragged nerves. Three drops will bring on a deep and dreamless sleep. Ten drops, however
CERSEI: I know what ten drops will bring.
PYCELLE: Your Grace, if I may ask
CERSEI: You may not. You must have a lot of work to do. I'm sure many brave men will need your wisdom soon.
PYCELLE: Yes. A siege is very
ERSEI: Be careful on the stairs, Grand Maester. There are so many.
PYCELLE: Your Grace.
INT:  KING'S LANDING
BRONN and the soldiers of King's Landing are drinking and singing, with some prostitutes mingling among them. BRONN has his arm around a prostitute.
MEN: (singing) And so he spoke That Lord of Castamere But now the rains weep o'er his halls With no one there to hear Yes, now the rains weep o'er his halls And not a soul to hear -
BRONN: To the boys!
MEN:
SOLDIER: Lannisters! Where'd you learn the Lannister song?
BRONN: Drunk Lannisters.
The soldiers laugh.
PROSTITUTE: You've got a pretty voice.
BRONN: Thank you very much.
PROSTITUTE: And I like your nose. How many times you break it?
BRONN pulls her to stand in front of him.
BRONN: Well, now let's see. First time, I was five. My mam smacked me with an iron poker.
PROSTITUTE:  Oh.
BRONN: It wasn't me she was aiming at. She was trying for my little brother. Now he was a real pest.
BRONN start to undress her.
BRONN: Second time, I was nine. Got in a scrap with a few older boys. They won. Third time
The prostitute is fully naked, and BRONN's thoughts are going elsewhere.
BRONN: Eh, you don't want to know about the third time.
She sits on his lap and kisses his nose.
PROSTITUTE:  Poor nose.
BRONN: Don't feel sorry for him. He'll be halfway up your arse before the night's through.
The men laugh.
The HOUND and a soldier enter.
BRONN: Welcome, friends. This round's on me.
The HOUND and his companion stand in front of a table. The two men sitting there vacate if for them, silently. They sit down. The HOUND drinks from the mug sitting there.
BRONN: (whispering) I don't think he likes me.
HOUND: You think you're a hard man?
BRONN: I know it.
The men laugh.
BRONN: It's warm in here. We've got beautiful women and good brown ale. Plenty for everyone. And all you want is to put one of us in the cold ground with no women to keep us company.
HOUND: Oh, there's women in the ground. I put some there myself. So have you. You like fucking and drinking and singing. But killing, killing's the thing you love. You're just like me.
He stands and walks towards BRONN.
HOUND: Only smaller.
BRONN: And quicker. Eh?
HOUND: Your Lord Imp's going to miss you.
BRONN pats the prostitute on the knee, and she gets off his lap. He stands to face the HOUND.
BRONN: Aye I expect he will someday.
He reaches behind him to a dagger sheathed at his waist. A bell tolls. The soldiers get up and leave.
MAN: Here we are.
BRONN: One more drink before the war? Shall we?
The HOUND backs off. They both exit.
INT:  TYRION'S CHAMBERs
VARYS stands by the window while PODRICK helps to dress TYRION in his armor.
VARYS: I've always hated the bells. They ring for horror. A dead king, a city under siege.
TYRION: A wedding.
VARYS: Exactly. Podrick, is that it?
TYRION: "Is that it?" Nice touch. As if you don't know the name of every boy in town.
VARYS: I'm not entirely sure what you're suggesting.
TYRION: I'm entirely sure you're entirely sure what I'm suggesting.
VARYS: Do you trust him?
TYRION: Oddly enough, I do.
VARYS: Good.
VARYS unfolds a map before them.
VARYS: The map you asked for.
TYRION steps down to study the map. PODRICK continues to dress him.
TYRION: There must be 20 miles of tunnels beneath the city.
VARYS: Closer to 50. The Targaryens built this city to withstand a siege and to provide escape if necessary.
TYRION:  I'm not escaping. Strange as it sounds, I'm the captain of the ship, and if the ship goes down, I go with her.
VARYS: That is good to hear. Though I'm sure many captains say the same while their ship is afloat. You look well suited for battle, my lord.
TYRION:  Well, I'm not.
VARYS: For all our sakes, I hope you are wrong. My little birds tell me that Stannis Baratheon has taken up with a red priestess from Asshai.
TYRION: What of it?
VARYS: You don't believe in the old powers, my lord?
TYRION: Blood spells, curses, shape-shifting. What do you think?
VARYS: I think you believe in what you see and in what those you trust have seen. You probably don't entirely trust me.
TYRION: Mmm, don't take it personally. I don't entirely trust myself.
VARYS: And yet I have seen things and heard things, things you have not, things I wish I had not. I don't believe I've ever told you how I was cut.
TYRION: No, I don't believe you have.
VARYS: One day, I will. The dark arts have provided Lord Stannis with his armies and paved his path to our door. For a man in service to such powers to sit on the Iron Throne, I can think of nothing worse. And tonight, I believe you are the only man who can stop him.
PODRICK hands TYRION his war axe.
EXT:  STANNIS'S FLEET
MATTHOS: They're welcoming the new king.
DAVOS: I've never known bells to mean surrender. They want to play music with us? Let's play. Drums.
MATTHOS: Drums!
Soldiers start to play the drums. The soldiers spring to action, readying for battle. STANNIS watches, resolute.
INT: King's Landing
TYRION: Remember, wait till the ships
BRONN: The ships are in the bay.
TYRION: They must be far enough in
BRONN: I know what "in" means. Do you know how to use that?
TYRION: I chopped wood once. No, I watched my brother chopping wood.
BRONN: I saw you kill a man with a shield. You'll be unstoppable with an ax.
They clasp hands.
BRONN: Don't get killed.
TYRION:  Nor you, my friend.
BRONN: Oh, are we friends now?
TYRION: Of course we are. Just because I pay you for your services doesn't diminish our friendship.
BRONN: Enhances it, really.
TYRION: Oh! "Enhances." Fancy word for a sellsword.
BRONN: Been spending time with fancy folks.
BRONN exits. SANSA and SHAE enter.
TYRION: Lady Sansa and Sheila.
SHAE: Shae.
TYRION: Shae, yes. Surely my sister has asked you to join the other highborn ladies in Maegor's holdfast.
SANSA: She has, my lord, but King Joffrey sent for me to see him off.
JOFFREY and the HOUND enter.
JOFFREY: Sansa.
TYRION: Always been a great romantic, my nephew.
JOFFREY: Sansa, come here.
SANSA: I will pray for your safe return, my lord.
TYRION: Will you?
SANSA: Just as I pray for the king's.
SANSA walks away.
TYRION: Stay safe, my lady.
SHAE: And you, my lion.
PODRICK and TYRION exit
JOFFREY: Your king rides forth to battle. You should see him off with a kiss.
He draws his sword and presents it.
JOFFREY: My new blade. Hearteater, I've named it. Kiss it.
SANSA leans down and kissed the blade.
JOFFREY: You'll kiss it again when I return and taste my uncle's blood.
SANSA: Will you slay him yourself?
JOFFREY: If Stannis is fool enough to come near me.
SANSA: So you'll be outside the gates fighting in the vanguard?
JOFFREY: A king doesn't discuss battle plans with stupid girls.
SANSA: I'm sorry, Your Grace. You're right, I'm stupid. Of course you'll be in the vanguard. They say my brother Robb always goes where the fighting is thickest. And he is only a pretender.
JOFFREY: Your brother's turn will come. Then you can lick his blood off Hearteater, too.
JOFFREY and the HOUND exit
SHAE: Some of those boys will never come back.
SANSA: Joffrey will. The worst ones always live.
SHAE:  Shh. Come, my lady.
EXT: THE STREETS OF WINTERFELL
The soldiers buzz with activity. JOFFREY enters, along with TYRION, the HOUND and LANCEL. A horse gallops through, and some townsfolks scurry past. They climb the stairs to the top of the exterior wall all look out into the empty harbor.
LANCEL: Where's our fleet?
TYRION: On the way.
JOFFREY: Why isn't it here now? They're coming.
TYRION does not answer.
JOFFREY: Hound, tell the Hand that his king has asked him a question.
HOUND: The king has asked you a question.
TYRION: Ser Lancel, tell the Hound to tell the king that the Hand is extremely busy. LANCEL: The Hand of the King would like me to tell you to tell the king-
JOFFREY: If I tell the Hound to cut you in half, he'll do it without a second thought.
TYRION: That would make me the quarterman. It just doesn't have the same ring to it. Cut me in half and I won't be able to give the signal. No signal, no plan. No plan and Stannis Baratheon sacks this city, takes the Iron Throne, puts your pinched little head atop a gate somewhere. It might be quite amusing, except that my head would be up there, too. I've never much liked my head, but I don't want to see it removed just yet.
CUT TO: STANNIS'S FLEET
DAVOS: Where are their ships?
MATTHOS: It was wise to attack at night. We took them by surprise.
DAVOS: Lord Varys knows what you had for breakfast three days ago. There are no surprises here.
MATTHOS: If it's true there is dissension in their ranks, maybe their sailors have mutinied.
DAVOS: Maybe.
CUT TO: MAEGOR'S HOLDFAST
CERSEI and TOMMEN join the  highborn ladies.  They walk past SHAE and SANSA.
SANSA: I don't know why she wants me here. She's always saying how stupid I am. She hates me.
SHAE: Maybe she hates you less than she hates everyone else.
SANSA: I doubt it.
SHAE: Maybe she's jealous of you.
SANSA: Why would she be jealous?
CERSEI: Sansa.
SANSA gets up and walks over to her.
CERSEI: I was wondering where our little dove had flown. You look pale, child. Is your red flower still blooming?
SANSA: Yes.
CERSEI: Fitting, isn't it? The men will bleed out there and you will bleed in here. Pour Lady Sansa some wine.
A servant pours the wine. CERSEI hands it to SANSA.
SHAE: I'm not thirsty, Your Grace.
CERSEI: So? I didn't offer you water. What's he doing here?
CERSEI: Ser llyn? He's here to defend us. When the axes smash down those doors, you may be glad to have him.
SANSA: But we have guards to defend us.
CERSEI: Guards we have paid. Should the city fall, they'll be the first ones out of the doors.
A door opens and a gold cloak walks in. He bows to CERSEI.
GOLD CLOACK: The lads caught a groom and two maids trying to sneak away with a stolen horse and some gold cups.
CERSEI: The battle's first traitors. Have Ser llyn see to them. Put their heads on spikes outside the stables as a warning.
He bows and moves to ILYN PAYNE, then exits the chamber.
CERSEI: The only way to keep the small folk loyal is to make certain they fear you more than they do the enemy. Remember that if you ever hope to become a queen.
SANSA: You said he was here to protect us.
CERSEI: He is. Traitors are a danger to us all. More wine.
CUT TO: THE WALL OUTSIDE THE HARBOR
TYRION, JOFFREY, the HOUND and LANCEL look out across the foggy sea.
JOFFREY: There they are.
TYRION: Archers to their marks.
SOLDIER:  Archers, to your marks!
The archers set their bows.
SOLDIER: Archers! Nock your arrows!
SOLDIER #2: Nock arrows!
TYRION: Hold fast.
SOLDIER: Hold fast!
JOFFREY: What are you doing? We need to attack them.
TYRION: Hold fast.
SOLDIER: Boulders ready!
SOLDIER #2: Hold fast!
There is but one ship sailing out of the harbor.
JOFFREY: There's only one ship. Where are the rest of them? Where are the rest of them?
CUT TO: THE BARATHEON FLEET
MATTHOS and DAVOS watch the lone ship approaching
MATTHOS: There's only one ship.
The soldiers get set.
MAN: Nock and set!
DAVOS: Draw! Hold.
MAN: Hold.
They watch the ship sail by. It is unmanned.
DAVOS: (confused) There's no one on board.
CUT TO: THE HARBOR WALL
MAN: More rocks coming up!
HAYLENE climbs the stairs. TYRION looks back at him. HAYLENE lights a torch and hands it to TYRION.
CUT TO: THE BARATHEON FLEET
MAN: Hold.
As the empty ship sails past, DAVOS sees that it is spewing green liquid into the sea behind it
DAVOS: Wildfire. Steer clear! Steer clear!
CUT TO: HARBOR WALL
TYRION throws the torch over the side of the wall. BRONN gets the signal, lights his arrow ablaze and launches it high into the sky.
CUT TO: BARATHEON FLEET   The flaming arrow soars over DAVOS's boat and hits the wildfire in the water, which erupts in green flame. The flames crawl towards the ghost ship.
DAVOS: Matthos! Get down!
A huge explosion. The ghost ship explodes ferociously, overwhelming MATTHOS and many other soldiers. STANNIS recoils from the blast
CUT TO: HARBOR WALL
JOFFREY shields his eyes from the blast. HAYLENE seems pleased. The HOUND is resolute.
CUT TO: HARBOR
BRONN watches the explosions.
CUT TO: BARATHEON FLEET  The explosion engulfs the fleet. Meet scream in agony, devoured in green flame, some jumping overboard. The immensity of the explosion is stunning. Chaos ensues on board as the ships collapse.
CUT TO: HARBOR WALL
TYRION, PODRICK, the HOUND and JOFFREY watch. HAYLENE smiles. TYRION is horrified.
CUT TO: BARATHEON FLEET
STANNIS's ship is unharmed. He gets to his feet and surveys the massive destruction. Men scream, masts collapse.
STANNIS: Prepare to land.
SOLDIER: Your Grace.
STANNIS: The dwarf has played his little trick.
SOLDIER: The wildfire.
STANNIS: He can only play it once.
SOLDIER: We're too far from the gates. The fire, their archers Hundreds will die.
STANNIS: Thousands.
STANNIS descends from the upper deck and addresses his troops.
STANNIS: Come with me and take this city!
The men yell in agreement.
CUT TO: MAEGOR'S HOLDFAST
CERSEI is a bit drunk, and still drinking wine.
CERSEI: Sansa, come here, little dove.
SANSA: My queen. What are you doing? Praying.
CERSEI: You're perfect, aren't you?
SANSA: Praying.
CERSEI: What are you praying for?
SANSA: For the gods to have mercy on us all.
CERSEI: Oh. On all of us?
SANSA: Yes, Your Grace.
CERSEI: Even me?
SANSA: Of course, Your Grace.
CERSEI: Even Joffrey?
SANSA: Joffrey is my
CERSEI: Oh, shut up, you little fool. Praying to the gods to have mercy on us all. The gods have no mercy. That's why they're gods. My father told me that when he caught me praying. My mother had just died, you see. I didn't really understand the concept of death, the finality of it. I thought that if I prayed very, very hard, the gods would return my mother to me. I was four.
SANSA: Your father doesn't believe in the gods?
CERSEI: He believes in them, he just doesn't like them very much.
CERSEI holds out a glass for her servant to fill.
CERSEI: One for her.
The servant pours the wine. She hands it to SANSA.
CERSEI: Here. Sit. Drink.
SANSA sits and takes a sip of wine.
CERSEI:  Not like that. Drink, girl.
SANSA takes a bigger gulp.
CERSEI: I should have been born a man. I'd rather face a thousand swords than be shut up inside with this flock of frightened hens.
SANSA: They are your guests under your protection. You asked them here.
CERSEI:  It was expected of me, as it will be of you if you ever become Joffrey's queen. If my wretched brother should somehow prevail, these hens will return to their cocks and crow of how my courage inspired them, lifted their spirits.
SANSA: And if the city should fall?
CERSEI: You'd like that, wouldn't you? The Red Keep should hold for a time, long enough for me to go to the walls and yield to Lord Stannis in person. If it were anyone else outside those gates, I might have hoped for a private audience, but this is Stannis Baratheon. I'd have a better chance of seducing his horse.
SANSA is speechless.
CERSEI: Have I shocked you, little dove? Tears aren't a woman's only weapon. The best one's between your legs. Learn how to use it. Drink.
They both drink.
CERSEI: Do you have any notion of what happens when a city is sacked? No, you wouldn't, would you? If the city falls, these fine women should be in for a bit of a rape. Half of them will have bastards in their bellies come the morning. You'll be glad of your red flower then. When a man's blood is up, anything with tits looks good. A precious thing like you will look very, very good. A slice of cake just waiting to be eaten.
CERSEI takes a drink, and SANSA joins her, panicking.
CUT TO: THE HARBOR
Landing boats from the ships row towards the shore.
MAN: More pressure! Pull! Pull! That's it, men! Pull! Pull!
CUT TO: THE HARBOR WALL
TYRION: He's a serious man, Stannis Baratheon.
JOFFREY: They're coming. They're coming ashore.
TYRION: Rain fire on them.
MAN: Archers!
JOFFREY: There are too many.
TYRION: Hound, form a welcome party for any Baratheon troop that manages to touch solid ground. Pod, run to the King's Gate. Bring any men guarding it here, now.
PODRICK: Yes, my lord.
CUT TO: BELOW THE HARBOR WALL
HOUND: Let's go. Stannis is sending us fresh meat. You, too.
The HOUND punches LANCEL in chest as he walks past. LANCEL is stunned.
HOUND: Any of these flaming fucking arrows come near me, I'll strangle you with your own guts.
CUT TO: THE HARBOR
MEN: Pull, pull! Go!
CUT TO: THE HARBOR WALL
The archers prepare to fire.
SOLDIER: Nock! Draw!
MEN: Draw!  Draw!
CUT TO: THE HARBOR
STANNIS's men have reached the shore.
MEN: Kill the Lannisters!
CUT TO: THE HARBOR WALL
The archers let their flaming arrows fly.
CUT TO: THE HARBOR
The arrows land as the soldiers rush from the boats to the shore.
MAN: Form the line!
The arrow land. Some hit there mark. Some Baratheon men fall while others pour ashore.
CUT TO: THE HARBOR WALL
MEN:  Draw!  Draw!  Loose! Loose!
The archers release more salvos. STANNIS's forces take heavy casualties, but they do not give up. Yelling, the first of them make it to base of the harbor wall. Above them, Lannister forces drop rocks, which crush the skulls of the unlucky. STANNIS himself gets sprayed with the blood of his bludgeoned soldier. They place their shields above their heads.
STANNIS: To the Mud Gate, go now!
MEN: First and second squads, to the gate! To the Mud Gate!
CUT TO: INSIDE THE HARBOR WALL
The HOUND leads a charge of Lannister men.
HOUND: Any man dies with a clean sword, I'll rape his fucking corpse. He and LANCEL engage with the sieging forces. They each cut down a number of Baratheon men before LANCEL is struck in the chest by an arrow. He stumbles and screams. Panting, he retreats.
INT: MAEGOR'S HOLDFAST   CERSEl: When we were young, Jaime and I, we looked so much alike even our father couldn't tell us apart. I could never understand why they treated us differently. Jaime was taught to fight with sword and lance and mace, and I was taught to smile and sing and please. He was heir to Casterly Rock, and I was sold to some stranger like a horse to be ridden whenever he desired.
SANSA: You were Robert's queen.
CERSEI: And you will be Joffrey's. Enjoy. I don't think I know this one.
CERSEI walks over to SHAE.
CERSEI: Pretty.
SHAE rises and curties.
CERSEI: That's the worst curtsy I've ever seen. Here, it's not difficult. I mastered it when I was four. Straighten your back and bend.
CERSEI demonstrates and SHAE mimics her.
CERSEI: Better. You learn fast. How long have you been in Lady Sansa's service?
SHAE: A few weeks, Your Grace.
CERSEI sits, still a bit drunk.
CERSEI: When did you leave Lorath?
SHAE is confused.
CERSEI: I had a Lorathi handmaiden once.
SHAE: (smiles)
CERSEI: But she was a nobleman's daughter. You're not. When did you come to Westeros?
SHAE: Ten years ago, Your Grace.
CERSEI: From Lorathi commoner to the Red Keep in 10 years, all without learning how to curtsy. I imagine that's a very interesting story. What's your name?
SHAE: Shae, Your Grace.
CERSEI: Tell us a story, Shae.
SHAE: When I was 13, I
A door opens. LANCEL stumbles in past the guards.
LANCEL: Your Grace!
CERSEI: What news?
LANCEL: The Imp has set the river afire. Hundreds of ships are burning, maybe more. Stannis' fleet destroyed, but But But his troops have landed outside the city walls.
CERSEI: Where is Joffrey?
LANCEL: On the battlements with Lord Tyrion.
CERSEI: Bring him back inside at once.
LANCEL: Your Grace
CERSEI: What?
LANCEL: The king's presence is good for morale.
CERSEI: Bring him back to his chambers now.
LANCEL: Not here?
CERSEI: With the women and children? Do you want him to be mocked as a coward for the rest of his life?
LANCEL: No, but I
CERSEI: Now!
LANCEL exits. CERSEI sits, requesting more wine. She turns to SANSA.
CERSEI: When I told you about Ser llyn earlier, I lied. Do you want to hear the truth? You want to know why he's really here? He's here for us. Stannis may take the city, he may take the throne, but he will not take us alive.
SANSA looks at ILYN PAYNE.
EXT: THE HARBOR SHORE
The HOUND decimates his foes as the chaos of battle continues. Both sides take brutal casualties. A flaming man runs screaming towards the HOUND, who is frozen by the horror of the sight. An arrow takes down his assailant. The HOUND looks up to see that he has BRONN to thank.
MAN: Help me!
BRONN quickly dispatches some more Baratheon men with his knife. The HOUND is in a bit of a daze, overwhelmed by the fires, reliving his own trauma. He turns and re-enters the gates. Many of the Lannister forces follow.
MAN: Fall back! Fall back!
CUT TO: STANNIS ON THE HARBOR SHORE
Stannis continues to be trapped under his shield at the base of the wall.
STANNIS: Get the ladders up!
His forces bring ladders to the wall. They set them, and STANNIS begins to climb, dodging rocks. He makes it to the top and engages with the Lannister forces atop the wall.
CUT TO: COURTYARD BEHIND THE HARBOR WALL
MAN: Faster, you bastards! Faster! Come on, kill the scum!
The HOUND is still in a daze.
HOUND: Someone bring me a drink.
A soldier hands him a skin. He drinks and spits it out.
HOUND: Fuck the water. Bring me wine.
Another soldier gives him wine, and he drinks deeply. He shuffles though the courtyard, passing TYRION
TYRION: Can I get you some iced milk and a nice bowl of raspberries, too?
HOUND: Eat shit, dwarf.
TYRION: You're on the wrong side of the wall.
HOUND: I lost half my men. The Blackwater's on fire.
JOFFREY: Dog, I command you to go back out there and fight.
The HOUND looks down, defeated.
TYRION: You're Kingsguard, Clegane. You must beat them back or they're going to take this city. Your king's city.
HOUND: Fuck the Kingsguard. Fuck the city. Fuck the king.
The HOUND exits.
CUT TO: THE HARBOR
More boats come ashore. The soldiers overturn the boat to use it as protection from the arrows.
MAN:  Loose!
MAN #2: Put your backs into it!
MAN #3: All right, get up!
MAN: Loose!
MAN #2: Clear!
MAN #3: Forward!
MAN: Loose!
While the overturned boat makes slow progress, another group of men with a battering ram overtakes them and reaches the wall.
MAN: Forward ladders!
Another ladder is raised against the wall. The boat is placed over the ram. Meanwhile, men are crushed by thrown rocks.
MEN: Heave! Heave!
CUT TO: BEHIND THE WALL
LANCEL runs to join the royal group.
LANCEL: Your Grace, the queen has sent me to bring you back to the Red Keep.
TYRION: If you won't defend your own city, why should they?
JOFFREY: What would you have me do?
TYRION: Lead. Get down there and lead your people against the invaders who want to kill them.
JOFFREY: What did my mother say exactly? Did she have urgent business with me?
LANCEL: She did not say, Your Grace.
JOFFREY hesistates.
MAN: All men to the battlements!
JOFFREY: Ser Boros, Ser Mandon, stay with my uncle and represent the king on the field of battle.
MANDON: (nods)
MAN: Archers, hold your line or I'll kill you myself.
JOFFREY and LANCEL exit. A bundle of stones is mismanaged at the top of the wall, and it comes crashing down.
MAN: Stand fast!
MAN #2: No! Get up, you fool.
MAN #3: We need more arrows!
The Lannister men gather in the courtyard, looking for direction.
MAN: Where is the king?  Why isn't he with us?
MAN #2: Who are we fighting for?
MAN #3: Who leads us?
PODRICK ascends the stairs to TYRION
TYRION: I'll lead the attack. I'll lead the attack!
MAN: Yes.
MAN #2:  What are you talking about?
TYRION: Pod, my helmet. Ser Mandon, you will bear the king's banner. Men, form up. Men Men! They say I'm half a man. But what does that make the lot of you?
MAN: The only way out is through the gates. And they're at the gates.
TYRION: There's another way out. I'm going to show you. We'll come out behind them and fuck them in their arses.
CUT TO: BASE OF THE HARBOR WALL
The battering ram pounds relentlessly into the wooden door.
MEN: Heave! Heave!
CUT TO: BEHIND THE WALL
TYRION: Don't fight for your king and don't fight for his kingdoms. Don't fight for honor. Don't fight for glory. Don't fight for riches, because you won't get any. This is your city Stannis means to sack. That's your gate he's ramming. If he gets in, it will be your houses he burns, your gold he steals, your women he will rape.
CUT TO: BASE OF THE HARBOR WALL
The battering ram is making progress.
MEN: Heave! Heave! Heave!
CUT TO: BEHIND THE WALL
TYRION: Those are brave men knocking at our door. Let's go kill them.
The Lannister forces raise their swords and shout in support. TYRION strides off, and they follow.
CUT TO: MAEGOR'S HOLDFAST
CERSEI and TOMMEN sit. LANCEL reports.
LANCEL: The battle is lost, Your Grace. Stannis' troops are at the gates. When the gold cloaks saw the king leaving, they lost all heart.
CERSEI: Where is my son?
LANCEL: I want to escort him back to the battle.
CERSEI: Why do I care what you want?  Bring me
LANCEL: Now listen to me
Enraged, CERSEI leaps up and stabs LANCEL, who falls to ground, writhing and screaming in pain. She walks over him, and exits with LANCEL. The women begin to panic.
SANSA:  Don't be afraid. The queen has raised the drawbridge. This is the safest place we can be. Joffrey's not hurt. He's fighting bravely. His knights have rallied behind him. They will save the city. Shall we sing a hymn? Gentle mother, fount of mercy...
ALL: Save our sons from war, we pray
SHAE grabs SANSA from behind, startling her.
SHAE: You must go. Run to your chamber and bar your door. Stannis won't hurt you. This one will.
SHAE indicates ILYN PAYNE, who stands guard.
SANSA: Come with me.
SHAE: I need to say goodbye to someone.
SANSA: The queen said they'd rape everyone.
SHAE: No one is raping me.
SHAE reveals a dagger bound her her calf, beneath he dress.
SHAE: Go. Run.
SANSA turns and exits qucikly.
CUT TO: SANSA'S CHAMBERS
SANSA moves fleetly through the corridor. She enters her chambers and bolts the door. She picks up a doll.
HOUND: The lady is starting to panic.
She turns around in fright to find the HOUND sitting quietly in the corner.
SANSA: What are you doing here?
HOUND: Not here for long. I'm going.
SANSA:  Where?
HOUND: Someplace that isn't burning. North, might be. Could be.
SANSA: What about the king?
HOUND: He can die just fine on his own.
The HOUND takes a drink.
HOUND: I can take you with me. Take you to Winterfell.
The HOUND stands.
HOUND: I'll keep you safe. Do you want to go home?
SANSA: I'll be safe here. Stannis won't hurt me.
The HOUND stumbles forward. SANSA whispers.
HOUND: Look at me. Stannis is a killer. The Lannisters are killers. Your father was a killer. Your brother is a killer. Your sons will be killers someday. The world is built by killers. So you'd better get used to looking at them.
SANSA: You won't hurt me.
HOUND: No, little bird, I won't hurt you.
The HOUND turns and unlocks the door. SANSA considers whether to join him.
CUT TO: THE SEWERS
TYRION uses his axe to remove the chain from the sewer's gate. He steps out onto the shore and the Lannister men follow quietly.
CUT TO: BASE OF THE HARBOR WALL
The battle rages. The ram has made further progress. Flaming arrows still rain down.
MEN: Heave!
MAN: Come on, you bastards! Get up those ladders!
TYRION comes up behind the man and slices his ankle wide open. He falls and Tyrion lands another heavy blow, blood spurting. He then rallies his men forward, coming behind the Baratheon forces.
TYRION: Attack!
Their surprise attack is successful, and they quickly dispatch the vulnerable men.
MEN:  Roll it over!
They overturn the boat, and someone above drops a torch inside to set it aflame. They all celebrate with a resounding cheer.
ALL: Halfman! Halfman! Halfman!
TYRION turns around to see a host of soldiers coming upon them from the short. The battle begins again.
TYRION: Oh, fuck me.
CUT TO: ATOP THE WALL
STANNIS continues to wage brutal war agains the Lannister men atop the wall
CUT TO: BASE OF THE HARBOR WALL
TYRION battles a soldier with a mace. The soldier gains the advantage, but is then tackled by one of TYRION's men. He smiles, while a Baratheon knight notices him and walks forward. He swings his sword at TYRION, and slices open his cheek. TYRION reels. Suddenly, a spear pierces the knight's face. He falls to reveal PODRICK wielding the fatal weapon. TYRION goes into shock, and PODRICK catches him
CUT TO: THE THRONE ROOM
CERSEI and TOMMEN sit in the dark on the iron throne.
CERSEI: Shh! Be calm, my sweet.
TOMMEN: They're still fighting.
CERSEI: No one's going to hurt you. I'll tell you a story. You know the one about the mother lion and her little cub? They lived in the woods.
TOMMEN: The Kingswood?
CERSEI: Yes, my love. In the Kingswood, there lived a mother and her cub. She loved him very much. But there were other things that lived in the woods. Evil things.
TOMMEN: Like what?
CERSEI: Like stags.
TOMMEN: Stags aren't evil. They only eat grass.
CERSEI: And wolves.
CUT TO: THE HARBOR SHORE
PODRICK holds TYRION, who remains in shock.
PODRICK: My lord.
Another wave of soldiers approaches from the shore. Some are mounted.    CERSEl: He could hear them howling in the night. The little cub was frightened. His mother said, "You are a lion, my son. You mustn't be afraid.
Stannis looks down from his perch. The mounted soldiers attack.
CUT TO: THE THRONE ROOM
CERSEI: "For one day, all the beasts will bow to you. "You will be king. "All the stags will bow. All the wolves will bow. "The bears in the north and the foxes of the south, "all the birds in the sky and the beasts in the sea, "they will all come to you, little lion, "to rest a crown upon your head.
CUT TO: THE HARBOR SHORE
The battle rages. The mounted soldiers have the advantage.
CUT TO: THE THRONE ROOM
CERSEI: " And the cub said, "Will I be strong and fierce like my father?"
CERSEI uncorks the vial she holds.
CERSEI: "Yes," said his mother. "You will be strong and fierce just like your father.
CUT TO: THE HARBOR SHORE
TYRION passes out
CUT TO: THE THRONE ROOM
CERSEI presents the vial for TOMMEN to drink.
CERSEI: " I will keep you safe, my love. I promise you.
The chamber door burst open and CERSEI and TOMMEN stand. Soldiers march in. LORAS TYRELL takes off his helmet.
CUT TO: THE HARBOR SHORE
The Baratheon forces are in retreat.
MAN: Back to the boats!
STANNIS: Stand and fight! Stand and fight, damn you!
Men grab STANNIS and restrain him.
STANNIS: No!
CUT TO: THE THRONE ROOM
TYWIN enters
CERSEI: Father.
She drops the vial, spilling its deadly contents. The vial shatters.
TYWIN: The battle is over. We have won.
CERSEI: (cries)
CREDITS
MALE SINGER: "And who are you," the proud lord said "That I must bow so low?" "Only a cat of a different coat "That's all the truth I know "In a coat of gold or a coat of red "A lion still has claws "And mine are long and sharp, my lord "As long and sharp as yours" And so he spoke, and so he spoke That Lord of Castamere But now the rains weep o'er his hall With no one there to hear Yes, now the rains weep o'er his hall And not a soul to hear
INT: KING'S LANDING
TYRION wakes to echos of the sounds of battle. PYCELLE's face comes into focus. TYRION's head is crudely bandaged, with only one eye revealed. He is disoriented.
TYRION: Pod.
PODRICK bursts into the room
TYRION: Pod! Find Bronn or Varys. Tell them I am here with Maester Pycelle. Tell them I am very much alive.
PODRICK: Yes, my lord.
PYCELLE: Would you like something for the pain?
TYRION: What happened?
PYCELLE: The murderer and traitor Stannis Baratheon suffered a stunning defeat at the hands of your father.
TYRION: Where am I?
PYCELLE: These are your new chambers. A little cramped, perhaps, but you don't need much room, do you? You are no longer Hand of the King.
PYCELLE turns and begins to leave. A thought occurs to him. He takes out a coin and flicks it to Tyrion
PYCELLE: Oh, For your trouble.
Pycelle exits.
CUT TO : THRONE ROOM
A white horse expels manure at the doorway leading to the throne room. TYWIN rides the horse in, through the gathered crowd.  From his throne, JOFFREY addresses the room.
JOFFREY: I, Joffrey of the House Baratheon, first of my name, the rightful King of the Andals and the First Men, Lord of the Seven Kingdoms and Protector of the Realm, do hereby proclaim my grandfather, Tywin Lannister, the savior of the city and the Hand of the King.
Bowing, a page presents a pillow to JOFFREY, who places the Hand's brooch up to TYWIN. TYWIN bows.
TYWIN: Thank you, Your Grace.
He turns his mount and exits.
JOFFREY: Lord Petyr Baelish, step forward.
LITTLEFINGER steps forward and kneels before JOFFREY.
JOFFREY: For your good service and ingenuity in uniting the Houses of Lannister and Tyrell, I declare that you shall be granted the castle of Harrenhal with all its attendant lands and incomes to be held by your sons and grandsons from this day until the end of time.
LITTLEFINGER: You honor me beyond words, Your Grace. I shall have to acquire some sons and grandsons.  The crowd laughs
JOFFREY: Ser Loras Tyrell.
LORAS steps forward from the crowd and kneels.
JOFFFREY: Your house has come to our aid. The whole realm is in your debt, none more so than I. If your family would ask anything of me, ask it, and it shall be yours.
LORAS: Your Grace, my sister Margaery, her husband was taken from us before . . . She remains innocent. I would ask you to find it in your heart to do us the great honor of joining our houses.
JOFFREY: Is this what you want, Lady Margaery?
MARGAERY takes a few steps forward.
MARGAERY: With all my heart, Your Grace. I have come to love you from afar. Tales of your courage and wisdom have never been far from my ears. And those tales have taken root deep inside of me.
JOFFREY: I, too, have heard tales of your beauty and grace, but the tales do not do you justice, my lady. It would be an honor to return your love, but I am promised to another. A king must keep his word.
CERSEI: Your Grace, in the judgment of your Small Council, it would be neither proper nor wise for you to wed the daughter of a man beheaded for treason, a girl whose brother is in open rebellion against the throne as we speak. For the good of the realm, your councilors beg you to set Sansa Stark aside.
The crowd murmurs.
CROWD: Margaery! We want Margaery!
JOFFREY stands and gestures to quiet the crowd.
JOFFREY: I would like to heed your wishes and the wishes of my people, but I took a holy vow.
PYCELLE: Your Grace, the gods do indeed hold betrothal solemn, but your father, blessed be his memory, made this pact before the Starks revealed their falseness. I have consulted with the High Septon and he assures me that their crimes against the realm free you from any promise you have made to them in the sight of the gods.
CERSEI looks across to SANSA. CERSEI is pleased and SANSA is quite worried.
JOFFREY: The gods are good. I am free to heed my heart. Ser Loras, I will gladly wed your sweet sister. You will be my queen and I will love you from this day until my last day.
The crowd applauds.
SANSA walks away, quite solemn. Once she is out of view, she smiles and laughs in relief. LITTLEFINGER catches up to her.
LITTLEFINGER: My lady. My sincerest condolences.
SANSA: They're right. I'm not good enough for him.
LITTLEFINGER: You shouldn't say that. You'll be good enough for many things. He'll still enjoy beating you. And now that you're a woman, he'll be able to enjoy you in other ways as well.
SANSA: But, if he's not marrying me
LITTLEFINGER: He'll let you go home? Joffrey's not the sort of boy who gives away his toys. You have a tender heart, just like your mother did at your age. I can see so much of her in you. She was like a sister to me. For her sake, I'll help get you home.
SANSA: King's Landing is my home now.
LITTLEFINGER: Look around you. We're all liars here. And every one of us is better than you.
CUT TO : BROTHEL
ROS applies make-up to her eye. There is a knock on the door. ROS stands up to welcome her client.
ROS: Come in. Make yourself comfortable.
A hooded figure walks in, silently. He sits on the end of the bed.
ROS: That doesn't look very comfortable. Here, watch me.
The man removes his hood. It is VARYS.
VARYS: No need for that, my dear.
ROS: You sure? Most men like what they see.
VARYS: I'm not like most men.
ROS: That's what most men say.
VARYS: (laughs)
ROS: If you don't want what most men want, then you'd better tell me what you'd like me to do.
VARYS: I would like you to tell me if working for Lord Baelish has been all you'd hoped it would be.
ROS: Have we met?
VARYS: You wouldn't remember me if we had?
ROS: I meet a lot of men.
VARYS: And I think you remember all of them. I think your true talents are wasted on them.
ROS: You're very kind, my lord. Allow me to return the favor.
ROS reaches to fondle his cock, but finds that VARYS is a eunuch. She is taken aback, and steps backward.
VARYS: You're afraid. Why? Nothing dangerous down there.
ROS: I know who you are.
VARYS: And, unlike your current employer, I protect those who work for me. I don't abuse them to satisfy royal whims or force them to abuse each other.
ROS: How do you know about that?
VARYS:  I thought you said you knew who I was.
ROS: What can I do for you, Lord Varys?
VARYS: Littlefinger looks at you and sees a collection of profitable holes. I see a potential partner.
ROS: I'm afraid of him.
VARYS: Oh, you should be. He's a dangerous man. But everyone has their weaknesses. Your current employer hides his very well, but not as well as he thinks.
EXT: WESTERLANDS SHORE
BRIENNE pulls the boat up to the shore. JAIME waits, his hands chained.
JAIME: You're a virgin, I take it?
Annoyed, BRIENNE pushes him forward. He walks and she follows.
BRIENNE: Walk.
JAIME: Childhood must have been awful for you. Were you a foot taller than all the boys? They laughed at you, called you names? Some boys like a challenge. One or two must have tried to get inside Big Brienne. BRIENNE: One or two tried.
JAIME: Ah. But you fought them off. But maybe you wished one of them could overpower you, fling you down, tear off your clothes. But none of them were strong enough. I'm strong enough.
BRIENNE:  Not interested.
JAIME: Of course you are. You'd love to know what it feels like to be a woman.
They encounter three hanged women in the trees.
JAIME: Ah. "They lay with lions." Tavern girls, I'd say. Probably served my father's soldiers. Maybe one of them gave up a kiss and a feel. That's how they earned this. The glorious work of the Northern freedom fighters. Must make you proud to serve the Starks.
BRIENNE: I don't serve the Starks. I serve Lady Catelyn.
JAIME: Tell yourself that tonight when they swing in your dreams.
BRIENNE pushes him roughly below the bodies, finally pinning him against a tree, and tying him fast against it.
JAIME: What are you doing?
BRIENNE: Burying them.
JAIME: We shouldn't stay here. We should get back on the river.
BRIENNE: I think these women would understand if I don't care what you think.
Some men approach
MAN: I didn't leave it here.
MAN #2: I had me dagger.
JAIME, nervously, gesters to BRIENNE.
JAIME: Untie me. Now!
MAN: I gave it to you to cut the rope, and now I don't have me dagger no more.
Three men approach, in leather armor and bearing swords.
MAN: So unless it got stuck in your arse on its way to your cunt, it stands to reason that it's gone. Whoa. What's your business here?
BRIENNE: Traveling a prisoner.
The three men laugh hysterically
MAN #2: Well, fuck me!
BRIENNE: If you've quite finished up
The men laugh even harder.
BRIENNE: All right, we'll be going.
She turns to take care of JAIME.
MAN: Whoa. Whoa! Who do you fight for?
BRIENNE: The Starks. MAN #2 What did he do?
JAIME: Apparently eating is now a crime. Who knew?
BRIENNE: No, stealing is a crime.
JAIME: But it's not a crime to starve. That's justice for you.
MAN: Where are you taking him?
BRIENNE: To Riverrun.
MAN #2: Why Riverrun?
BRIENNE works to unbind JAIME from the tree.
BRIENNE: Steal from the Tullys, it's their dungeons you rot in.
MAN #2: Why not kill him?
JAIME: For stealing a pig?
BRIENNE: I don't give the orders. He must be important to someone.
MAN: Sending him with you? How important could he be?
BRIENNE does not answer.
MAN: All right, have it your way, my lady.
MAN #2 moves closer.
MAN #2: Do I know you?
JAIME: Have you been to Ashemark?
MAN #2: No.
JAIME: Then you don't know me.
MAN #2: Do you ever go to the river market at Salt Rock?
JAIME: Is it near Ashemark?
MAN #2: No.
JAIME: I've never been there.
BRIENNE frees him from the tree, and she and JAIME start to walk away.
MAN: What do you think of these beauties?
BRIENNE: I hope you gave them quick deaths.
MAN: Two of them we did, yeah.
MAN #2: Wait. I do know you. That's Jaime Lannister.
JAIME: I wish someone had told me. I wouldn't have had to steal that pig.
BRIENNE: If this is the Kingslayer, I think I'd know about it.
MAN: How do you know what the Kingslayer looks like?
MAN #2: I was at Whispering Wood. I saw him. They dragged him out of the woods and threw him down before the king.
BRIENNE: He's not the Kingslayer. Sorry to disappoint you. If he was, I'd only be traveling his head.
Again, they try to move along.
MAN: I have a question for you both. And I want you to answer it at the same time. I count to three, you both answer. What's his name? One. Two. Three.
BRIENNE pushes JAIME aside, draws her sword, and sets on the men, visciously. JAIME is surprised at her prowess in battle. She bests them all, and turns to MAN, who lies on the forest floor. She drops her long sword and draws her short sword.
BRIENNE: Two quick deaths.
She stabs the MEN in the gut, painfully. She plunges deeper, and the MAN dies. She withdraws her sword and steps away.
JAIME: Those were Stark men.
BRIENNE: I don't serve the Starks. I serve Lady Catelyn. I told you I'd take you to King's Landing, and that's what I'm going to do. Stay.
BRIENNE turns and chops the rope that holds the three women's corpses with a large grunt. JAIME winces as the bodies thud to the ground.
INT: RIVERLANDS AT NIGHT.
ROBB sits in his tent. Catelyn sits as well.
CATELYN: Walder Frey is a dangerous man to cross.
ROBB: I know that.
CATELYN: And you mean to do it anyway?
ROBB: I love her.
CATELYN: I know that seems important to you.
ROBB: It is important to me.
CATELYN: Your father didn't love me when we married. He hardly knew me or I him. Love didn't just happen to us. We built it slowly over the years, stone by stone, for you, for your brothers and sisters, for all of us. It's not as exciting as secret passion in the woods, but it is stronger. It lasts longer.
ROBB: And that is what would be in store for me with one of Walder Frey's daughters,  what you and father had?
CATELYN: Why not? Because she's not beautiful? Because she's not exotic and exciting?
ROBB: Now you're arguing just to argue because you arranged it.
CATELYN: And you agreed to it. You gave him your word. Treat your oaths recklessly, and your people will do the same. If your father lived his life for one thing
ROBB: My father is dead. And the only parent I have left has no right to call anyone reckless.
Robb exits.
INT: BARATHEON WAR CAMP AT NIGHT
STANNIS sits by a hearth.
STANNIS: You said you saw my victory in the flames.
MELISANDRE: l I did. I still see it.
STANNIS:  The flames lied. And I'm no better than a savage trusting in a fire god. I fought for your god in Blackwater Bay. I led my men to the gates of the seventh hell as their brothers burned alive, and for what? Attacked from behind by Tywin Lannister and the Tyrells. If you see so much in your flames, why didn't you warn me?
MELISANDRE: The Lord of Light only allows me glimpses.
STANNIS: You claimed to speak for a god.
MELISANDRE: Will you quit the war just because you've lost a battle?
STANNIS: You talk about war as if you understand it.
MELISANDRE: I've been fighting far longer than you.
STANNIS: Have you? Show me how you fight.
STANNIS leaps to his feet and starts choking MELISANDRE. She gasps painfully, grabbing his hands.
STANNIS: Show me.
MELISANDRE removes her hands from his and raises them in surrender.
STANNIS: Where's your god now? Will he save you? Where is your god?
MELISANDRE: Inside you.
STANNIS releases her suddenly and MELISANDRE falls to the follow, panting.
STANNIS: I murdered my brother.
MELISANDRE walks over to STANNIS.
MELISANDRE: We murdered him. Share the weight with me.
STANNIS: He wasn't your brother.
MELISANDRE caresses his head, soothingly.
MELISANDRE: This war has just begun. It will last for years. Thousands will die at your command. You will betray the men serving you. You will betray your family. You will betray everything you once held dear. And it will all be worth it because you are the Son of Fire. You are the Warrior of Light. You will sweep aside this pretender and that one. You will be king.
STANNIS: You promise these things, but you don't know. None of us know.
MELISANDRE: Let me show you.
She leads him over to the fire.
MELISANDRE: Look into the fire, my king. Look.
STANNIS:  I see fire.
MELISANDRE: Keep looking. Do you see? Do you see, my king?
STANNIS stares into the fire. His eyes grow wide and his face softens. MELISANDRE rests her head on his shoulder. Stannis: Yes.
INT: WINTERFELL
THEON throws another log onto his fire, and sits before it, frustrated. A lone horn blows outside the gates of Winterfell.
THEON: I will kill that man. I don't care how many arrows they feather me with, how many spears they run through me, I will kill that horn-blowing cunt before I fall.
LUWIN: They want you to know you're surrounded.
THEON: I know I'm surrounded. I know that because I stood on the battlements and saw I was surrounded.
LUWIN: They don't want you to sleep. They want to sap your spirit before
THEON: Thank you, wise bald man. Thank you for explaining siege tactics to me.
The horn continues.
THEON: No word from my father?
LUWIN: No.
LUWIN crosses the room, and rests.
THEON: Send more ravens.
LUWIN: You killed all the ravens.
THEON: The first time I saw Winterfell
The horn blows again. THEON rolls his eyes in anger.
THEON: First time I saw Winterfell, it looked like something that had been here for thousands of years and would be here for thousands of years after I was dead. I saw it and I thought, "Of course, Ned Stark crushed our rebellion and killed my brothers. "We never stood a chance against the man who lives here."
LUWIN: Lord Stark went out of his way to make it your home.
THEON: Yes, my captors were so very kind to me. You love reminding me of that. Everyone in this frozen pile of shit has always loved reminding me of that. You know what it's like to be told how lucky you are to be someone's prisoner? To be told how much you owe them? And then to go back home to your real father
The horn sounds again. THEON gets up in a fury. He shakes his fist at the window.
THEON: I will kill that man. I swear to the Drowned God, the Old Gods, the New Gods, to every fucking god in every fucking heaven, I will kill that man.
LUWIN: Theon, listen to me. I serve Winterfell. Now Winterfell is yours. I'm bound by oath to serve you.
THEON: And what's your counsel, trusted friend?
LUWIN: Run.
LUWIN: Five hundred Northmen wait outside the walls. You have 20 men. You can't win. Wait for nightfall and run.
THEON: There's nowhere to run. I'd never make it back to the Iron Islands. And even if I did, even if by some miracle I slipped through the lines and made it home, I'd be a coward. The Greyjoy who ran. The shame of the family.
THEON sits again.
LUWIN: Don't go home. Join the Night's Watch.
LUWIN leans over THEON's shoulder.
LUWIN: Once a man has taken the black, he's beyond reach of the law. All his past crimes are forgiven.
THEON: I won't make it to the Wall. I won't make it 10 feet past the Winterfell gates.
LUWIN: There are ways. Hidden passageways built so the Lords of Winterfell could escape. The road will be dangerous. But with a little luck...
LUWIN faces THEON
LUWIN: The Night's Watch is an ancient, honorable order. You'll have opportunities there.
THOEN rises.
THEON: The opportunity for Jon Snow to cut my throat in my sleep.
LUWIN: The opportunity to make amends for what you've done.
THEON: I've done a lot, haven't I? Things I never imagined myself doing.
LUWIN: I've known you many years, Theon Greyjoy. You're not the man you're pretending to be. Not yet.
THEON: You may be right. But I've gone too far to pretend to be anything else.
LUWIN comforts him with a gentle pat on the shoulder.
EXT: WINTERFELL, THE NEXT MORNING
THEON stands in the Winterfell courtyard, addressing his men.
THEON: You hear that? That's the mating call of the Northmen. They want to fuck us. Well, I haven't had a good fuck in weeks. I'm ready for one.
The ironborn men laugh
THEON: They say every ironborn man is worth a dozen from the mainland.
MEN: Aye!
THEON: You think they're right?
BLACK LORREN: Aye.
THEON: We die today, brothers. We die bleeding from 100 wounds with arrows in our necks and spears in our guts, but our war cries will echo through eternity. They will sing about the battle of Winterfell until the Iron Islands have slipped beneath the waves. Every man, woman and child will know who we were and how long we stood. Aggar and Gelmarr, Wex and Urzen, Stygg and Black Lorren. Ironborn warriors will cry out our names as they leap onto the shores of Seagard and Faircastle.
MEN: Aye!
THEON: Mothers will name their sons for us.
MEN: Aye!
THEON: Girls will think of us with their lovers inside them.
MEN: Aye!
THEON: And whoever kills that fucking horn-blower will stand in bronze above the shores of Pyke!
MEN: Aye!
THEON: What is dead may never die!
MEN: What is dead may never die!
DAGMER hits THEON on the back of the head, knocking him unconscious. The ironborn watch him fall.
BLACK LORREN: Thought he'd never shut up.
DAGMER: It was a good speech. Didn't want to interrupt.
A man placed a hood over THEON's head.
LUWIN enters.
LUWIN: What is this? What are you doing?
DAGMER stabs LUWIN in the gut with his spear. LUWIN crumbles to the ground, groaning in sharp pain.
DAGMER: Let's go home.
MAN: Come on.
DAGMER and the ironborn exit, dragging THEON with them. LUWIN collapses.
INT: TYRION'S CHAMBERS
TYRION sits in bed, his face still bandaged
TYRION: Why should I believe you?
VARYS: Why would I lie about it?
TYRION: To create strife between my sister and me.
VARYS: Where before there was nothing but love. Ser Mandon Moore tried to kill you on your sister's orders. If it weren't for your squire's bravery, you'd be a dead man.
TYRION: Pod.
PODRICK: Yes, my lord?
TYRION: Would it be excessive of me to ask you to save my life twice in a week?
PODRICK: No, my lord.
TYRION: You're a good lad. Get Bronn, tell him I want four of his most loyal gold cloaks outside my door at all times.
PODRICK: (nods)
VARYS: I'm afraid your friend has been relieved of his command of the City Watch. The gold cloaks are now firmly in the hands of your father or your sister. It varies from cloak to cloak.
TYRION: Then my hill tribesmen.
VARYS: Have gone home. Your father paid them quite handsomely. I'm afraid we won't be seeing each other for some time, my lord.
TYRION: Don't want to swim too close to a drowning man? And I thought we were friends.
VARYS: We are. Podrick, would you mind?
PODRICK opens the door and SHAE enters briskly. She comes to TYRION's side and sits.
VARYS: There are many who know that without you this city faced certain defeat. The king won't give you any honors, the histories won't mention you, but we will not forget.
VARYS bows.
VARYS: Come along now, Podrick.
VARYS and PODRICK exit.
SHAE: My love.
TYRION: It was good of you to come.
SHAE: Good of me? Of course I come.
SHAE reaches to adjust TYRION's bandages, but he prevents her.
SHAE: I want to see you.
TYRION: Believe me, you don't.
SHAE: Have you looked?
TYRION: (shakes his head)
SHAE: I will be the first.
She removes the bandages. They stick to the deep wound across TYRION's cheek. He grunts in pain. SHAE takes in the wreck of his cheek.
TYRION: Well?
SHAE: You are a mess.
TYRION: I'm a monster as well as a dwarf. You should charge me double.
SHAE:  You think I'm here for money?
TYRION: That was the arrangement we made. I pay you and you lie to me.
SHAE: Oh. I'm a poor little rich man and nobody loves me, so I make jokes all the time and pay them to laugh. Fuck your money. Let's leave.
TYRION: Leave?
SHAE:  Leave King's Landing. They tried to kill you. They will try again. Going into wars, fighting soldiers, you're terrible at this. Let's take a boat to Pentos and never come back. You don't belong here.
TYRION: What would we do in Pentos?
SHAE: Eat, drink, fuck, live.
TYRION: I want to go with you.
SHAE: So do it. Your father, your sister, all these bad people, they can't stop you. Forget about them. Come with me.
TYRION: I can't. I do belong here. These bad people are what I'm good at. Outtalking them, outthinking them. It's what I am. And I like it. I like it more than anything I've ever done. Are you going to leave?
SHAE: You have a shit memory. I am yours and you are mine.
TYRION bursts into tears. SHAE envelops him in her arms. TYRION holds her as well.
EXT: THE RIVERLANDS
A SEPTON marries ROBB and TALISA to one another.
SEPTON: In the sight of the Seven, I hereby seal these two souls, binding them as one for eternity. Look upon one another and say the words.
ROBB: Father, smith, warrior, mother ,maiden, crone, stranger.
TALISA: Father, smith, warrior, mother ,maiden, crone, stranger.
ROBB: I am hers and she is mine from this day until the end of my days.
TALISA: I am his and he is mine from this day until the end of my days.
They kiss.
EXT: QARTH
DAENERYS, JORAH and KOVARRO walk through a garden. It is known.
KOVARRO: (dothraki) A house of ghosts, Khaleesi.
They come to the base of the House of the Undying.
KOVARRO: Where are the guards?
JORAH: No guards. The warlocks kill with sorcery, not steel.
DAENERYS: Let them try.
They ascend the first flight of stairs, and gaze up to the top of the tower. They cannot find an entrance.
DAENERYS: Is this a riddle?
They circle the base. DAENERYS disappears from JORAH's view. He encounters KOVARRO instead.
JORAH: Khaleesi! Khaleesi!
CUT TO: INTERIOR OF THE HOUSE OF THE UNDYING
DAENERYS stands in darkness. She picks up a torch from the wall.
DAENERYS: Are you trying to frighten me with magic tricks? You want me? Here I am. Are you afraid of a little girl?
A dragon screeches. DAENERYS follows the sound up a stairwell.
EXT: SHADOWLANDS
ARYA, GENDRY and HOT PIE trek through the Shadowlands. High above them, JAQEN stands atop a steep cliff.
HOT PIE: How did he find us?
As they pass to the other side of the cliff, JAQEN disappears. Suddenly, he is at ground level, next to ARYA.
ARYA: What are you doing here?
JAQEN: Waiting for you.
ARYA: How did you know we'd come this way?
They begin to walk.
JAQEN: After all the things you have seen, this is your question?
ARYA: How did you kill those guards? Was it hard?
JAQEN: No harder than taking a new name, if you know the way. Show me how. I want to be able to do it, too.
JAQEN: If you would learn, you must come with me.
ARYA: Where?
JAQEN: Far and away across the Narrow Sea to Braavos.
ARYA: My dancing master was from Braavos.
JAQEN: To be a dancing master is a special thing, but to be a faceless man, that is something else entirely. The girl has many names on her lips. Joffrey, Cersei, Tywin Lannister, llyn Payne, the Hound. Names to offer up to the Red God. She could offer them all one by one.
ARYA: I want to. But I can't. I need to find my brother and mother. And my sister. I need to find her, too.
JAQEN: Then we must part. A man has duties as well. Here.
He offers a coin.
ARYA: What is it?
JAQEN: A coin of great value.
ARYA: Could it buy a horse?
JAQEN: It is not meant for the buying of horses.
ARYA: Then what good is it?
JAQEN: If the day comes when you must find me again, just give that coin to any man from Braavos and say these words to him, "Valar Morghulis."
ARYA: Valar Morghulis.
JAQEN begins to walk away
ARYA: Please don't go, Jaqen.
JAQEN: Jaqen is dead. Say it again. Valar Morghulis.
ARYA: Valar Morghulis.
JAQEN: Good.
JAQEN turns away and touches his hand to his face. When he turns back, his face has changed completely.
JAQEN: Farewell, Arya Stark.
JAQEN exits.
EXT: WINTERFELL
OSHA, BRAN, HODOR and RICKON leave their hiding place and enter the courtyard.
BRAN: Osha, what are you doing?
They walk through the smouldering courtyard, among bodies and wreckage. They spy Summer and Shaggydog, whimpering in an alcove. BRAN commands HODOR to bring him that way.
EXT: THE GODSWOOD OF WINTERFELL
LUWIN lays by the godswood, dying. HODOR, BRAN, OSHA and RICKON walk toward him. Rickon starts to run, and OSHA cannot catch him. LUWIN reaches out, happy to see him and BRAN. RICKON notices the great bloodstain on LUWIN's shirt.
BRAN: Tell us what medicine to get from your chambers.
RICKON: We'll make you better. LUWIN I feel just fine.
RICKON: (cries)
BRAN: They burned it down. They burned everything.
LUWIN: Not everything. Not you. But they may come back. You have to go. Put on your warmest clothes. Pack as much food as you can carry and go north.
OSHA: North's the wrong way. And mother and brother are south. We don't know where.
LUWIN: There are too many enemies in the south. Go to the Wall, to Jon. He'll look after you and let your mother know you're safe.
BRAN: I don't want to leave you.
LUWIN: No more than I want to leave you. I pulled you into the world. Both of you. I've seen both your faces almost every day since. And for that, I consider myself very, very lucky. Go now with Hodor. Go on. I'll be right here.
The four of them get up to leave, but OSHA steps back.
LUWIN: Osha. You must protect them. You're the only one who can. You may have to protect them against your own kind.
OSHA: I've got no great love for my own kind. I'll get you milk of the poppy. Tell me where to find it. LUWIN I don't want milk of the poppy.
OSHA shows LUWIN her knife, and he nods his asent.
LUWIN: Do it quickly.
OSHA draws her blade while looking LUWIN in the eyes.
EXT:  WINTERFELL
Summer and Shaggydog walk across the fields. OSHA, RICKON, HODOR and BRAN follow. BRAN is in a cart. Behind them, Winterfell burns.
INT: HOUSE OF THE UNDYING
DAENERYS continues to search for her dragons. She follows the sound of their screeching through a door. She looks down into a pit before trying a door on the opposite side of the chamber. She goes through and the wind whistles. The large chamber has a broken roof, and snow falls. She sets down her torch, and ascends to a stage with a throne. Dragons screech again, and she does not touch the snowy throne. She walks toward the noises, and a large portal door opens before her. She exits, finding herself in a land of snow and ice. She sees a lone tent in the distance. She walks to it.
INT: TENT
DROGO sits, holding their son Rhaego
DROGO: (dothraki) Moon of my life.
DAENERYS cannot believe her eyes. She walks closer.
DAENERYS: (dothraki)  This is dark magic, like the magic that took you from me. Took you from me before I could even Maybe I am dead and I just don't know it yet. Maybe I am with you in the Night Lands.
DROGO: (dothraki) Or maybe I refused to enter the Night Lands without you. Maybe I told the Great Stallion to go fuck himself and came back here to wait for you.
DAENERYS: That sounds like something you would do.
DAENERYS sits next to DROGO, and she caresses RHAEGO's head.
DROGO: (dothraki) Or maybe it is a dream. Your dream, my dream I do not know. These are questions for wise men with skinny arms.
DROGO And DAENERYS stare deeply into one another's eyes.
DROGO: (dothraki) You are the moon of my life. That is all I know and all I need to know.
They touch foreheads and DROGO caresses her face, gently.
DROGO: (dothraki)  And if this is a dream I will kill the man who tries to wake me.
DAENERYS looks down at RHAEGO. Dragons screech.
DAENERYS: Until the sun rises in the west and sets in the east, until the rivers run dry and the mountains blow in the wind like leaves.
She caresses DROGO's face and touches RHAEGO one more time. Then DAENERYS gets up a quickly walks away. DROGO is heartbroken.
INT: HOUSE OF THE UNDYING
When DAENERYS leaves the tent, she finds herself back in the House of the Undying. Her three dragons sit on a pedestal. They call out to her, excited. She walks closer, and holds out a hand for them
PYATT PREE: They miss their mother.
DAENERYS turns around, startled. Behind her, another PYATT PREE clone watches while she looks at the one who spoke. The two PYATTs share the dialog, speaking with one mind.
PYATT PREE: They want to be with you.
PYATT PREE: Do you want to be with them?
PYATT PREE: You will be.
PYATT PREE: When your dragons were born,
PYATT PREE: our magic was born again.
PYATT PREE: It is strongest in their presence.
PYATT PREE: And they are strongest in yours.
A third PYATT PREE appears in an alcove.
PYATT PREE: You will be with them, through winter, summer, winter again. Across a thousand, thousand seasons you will be with them.
The sound of chains turning starts to her right.
PYATT PREE: And we will be with you until time comes to an end.
DAENERYS finds that her wrist is chained. PYATT PREE tightens the chain that binds her. DAENERYS is confused. Another PYATT PREE pulls on a chain now attached to her other wrist. Her arms are now outstreched and straining.
PYATT PREE: Welcome home, Daenerys Stormborn.
DAENERYS: This is not my home. My home is across the sea, where my people are waiting for me.
PYATT PREE: They will be waiting a long time.
DAENERYS turns to look at her dragons. PYATT PREE peers down at them. DAENERYS turns back to the warlock.
DAENERYS: Dracarys.
The dragons breath smoke. Then one spurts out a burp of fire. It catches PYATT PREE's sleeve, and he starts to panic. All three dragons spit fire, past DAENERYS who experiences the ecstasy of the fire. PYATT PREE is consumed by flame. He screams horrible, and falls to the ground. DAENERYS looks back to her dragons. The chains break.
EXT: THE FAR NORTH  The wildings lead the captive JON and QHORIN on a march. YGRITTE playfully tortures JON by batting him with his sword, with the RATTLESHIRT walking behind her.
YGRITTE: We should be there by sundown. Won't be a fun night for you. Mance knows how to make crows sing. If you know what to say, you might just make it through the night. Not talking's not the way to go.
JON: Careful with that. You might cut yourself.
YGRITTE swings the sword again, JON feints and she misses.
JON: Never swung a sword before, have you? You look like a baby with a rattle.
RATTLESHIRT: Enough of that!
YGRITTE challenges JON. QHORIN uses the distraction to punch his captor in the face, and steal his sword. He pushes by RATTLESHIRT and attacks JON. JON falls.
JON: Stop!
Two wildlings hold QHORIN back.
QHORIN: Why, traitor? So you can give Mance Rayder an invitation to Castle Black?
RATTLESHIRT: Let 'em fight.
YGRITTE drops JON's sword for him. The wildlings release QHORIN, who charges at JON. He tries to grab his sword while scrambling away from the attack. He gets to his feet, and they battle convincingly. QUORIN forces JON to stumble into two wildlings, who push him back into the fight.
QHORIN: That's it? That's what you can do? You little shit.
QHORIN attacks again. JON counters.
QHORIN: Your traitor father teach you that?
JON goes on the attack, but QHORIN parries.
QHORIN: Or was it your whore mother?
QHORIN headbutts JON, who falls. He gathers himself and charges, disarming QHORIN. He runs Quorin through.
QHORIN: We are the watchers on the Wall.
QHORIN falls, dead.
YGRITTE: You can tell Mance that's the man who killed Qhorin Halfhand.
Rattleshirt takes the sword from JON, and then slices through his bounds.
RATTLESHIRT: Burn the body.
WILDLING: Aye.
RATTLESHIRT: You don't want this one coming back for you.
RATTLESHIRT exits and YGRITTE comes to JON's side.
YGRITTE: Come along, Jon Snow.
They walk together to the edge of the cliff.
YGRITTE: Time to meet the King-beyond-the-Wall.
She walks down the slope. JON looks back to see the wildlings burning QHORIN's body. He follows YGRITTE.
INT: QARTH
XARO sleeps with DOREAH next to him. A curved sword hooks his amulet and steals it away. XARO awakes startled and sits up.
XARO: What the
JORAH, DAENERYS, KOVARRO and the Dothraki have entered his bedroom. DOREAH sits up next to XARO
DOREAH: Khaleesi, please. He said you'd never leave Qarth alive.
DAENERYS: Come.
DAENERYS turns and walks. XARO makes a sudden move, but JORAH draws his sword and keeps him motionless.
CUT TO: XARO'S SAFE
KOVARRO uses the amulet to open the vault's door. JORAH helps him to open the door. DAENERYS enters first. The vault is empty.
DAENERYS: Nothing.
She turns around
DAENERYS: Thank you, Xaro Xhoan Daxos. Thank you for teaching me this lesson.
The Dothraki push XARO and DOREAH forward into the vault.
XARO: I am king of Qarth. I can help you now, truly help you. We can take the Iron Throne. I'll bring you a thousand ships.
DOREAH: Please, Khaleesi, I beg you.
XARO: All that you have dreamed is within your reach!
The Dothraki close the vault door behind the pair.
DOREAH: I beg you, please!
XARO: Khaleesi.
DOREAH: Please! Please!
XARO: Khaleesi!
JORAH shuts the door and locks it. He hands the amulet key to DAENERYS.
CUT TO: DINING ROOM
They are looking for things to loot.
JORAH: It's all a lie.
DAENERYS hands him a golden vase.
DAENERYS: Looks real enough to me. Real enough to buy a ship?
JORAH: Aye, a small ship.
DAENERYS walks away.
JORAH: (dothraki) Take all the gold and jewels.
The Dothraki cheer, and being to loot the palace. DAENERYS walks lovingly with her dragons.
EXT: THE NORTH
GRENN, EDDISON TOLLETT and SAM continue to labor in the cold and snow.
GRENN: I thought we were coming north to fight wildlings.
GRENN finds a piece of dung.
GRENN: Is this goat?
EDDISON TOLLETT takes it, placing it in his basket.
EDDISON TOLLETT: It's moose. People shouldn't live anywhere you need to burn shit to keep warm.
GRENN: Well, you see a tree, let me know.
They continue to dig.
SAM: If you step back and think about it, the thing about Gilly that's so interesting is
GRENN: Just bloody kill me.
SAM: No, truly. The thing about her that I find so interesting is that after all that Craster's done to her, she's still got hope that life might get better.
EDDISON TOLLETT: The thing about Gilly that you find so interesting is that she said six words to you.
SAM: And the thing about you that I find so interesting is absolutely nothing.
A horn blows in the distance.
SAM: It's Jon and the Halfhand. They're back.
The horn blows again
GRENN: Two blasts is wildlings. You're not fighting them alone.
The horn blows a third time.
EDDISON TOLLETT: Come on.
GRENN: Three blasts?
EDDISON TOLLETT: Run!
GRENN and EDDISON TOLLETT flee. SAM is slower to follow.
SAM: Wait! Wait for me!
SAM falls, spilling his basket.
SAM: Grenn!
GRENN and EDDISON TOLLETT are running further away, not waiting or helping.
SAM: Edd!
SAM stands. There is a high-pitches squeal. SAM sees figures coming towards him. He hides behind a large boulder. The figures comple closer, walking slowly. They are undead and decaying with blue eyes. An undead horse stops next to sam. A white walker rides it, and he notices SAM. SAM begins to sob. The white walker shrieks and orders his undead followers forward. There are scores of them, a seemingly endless onslaught. Another white walker is mounted behind. He also gives the order forward.
